"Halloween 3: AwesomeLand" is the sixth episode of the sixth season of the American sitcom Modern Family, and the series' 126th episode overall.
The episode filmed several scenes in Paris, a move that was heavily promoted by the show's network and commended by critics.
The special was viewed by 962,000 viewers and received a 0.8 rating among adults between the ages of 18 and 49.
The episode begins in medias res, depicting events following a whodunit style, exposing them from alternating points of view in a fast-paced way.
To the east of the village is the hamlet of Little Marsh and to the south east is the hamlet of Summerstown.
What Doggett and Reyes soon discover is a bizarre plot to unleash a biological weapon via the use of grafted shark organs.
"The Return of the Archons" is a first season episode of the original American science fiction television series Star Trek.
On its initial airing it was watched by 8.48 million viewers and was well received amongst critics.
Johns modeled his vision of the Justice Society after the film Watchmen, where a group of superheroes come out of retirement.
The concert was conducted by Ben Foster and Stephen Bell, and performed by the BBC Philharmonic.
For the cable channel known as "Angel One", see Sky Angel.
"Careful the Things You Say" is the 118th episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.
The episode prominently conveys the background abuse that both characters share, which past episodes indicated was the basis of their intimate bonding.
According to Nielsen ratings, it was viewed in 8.05 million homes in its original airing.
It premiered on the Fox network on June 1, 2010 and was watched by 9 million viewers.
It originally aired on NBC on April 9, 1999.
The name is a pun on The Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam.
It was first screened on 22 September 1981.
In this episode, Veronica investigates when someone steals Logan's money at a poker game.
Meanwhile, the survivors at the Greene farm deal with Beth Greene's suicidal behavior.
"Shotgun" is the fifth episode of the fourth season of the American television drama series Breaking Bad, and the 38th overall episode of the series.
The phrase has been commonly known since at least the early 20th century.
It aired on September 25, 2014 on ABC in the United States.
In this episode, Mulder and Scully investigate a series of murders of psychics and fortune tellers.
"The Glorious Dead" is the eighth episode of the fourth series of the period drama Upstairs, Downstairs.
Another village, Dallinghoo, is to the north, and to the west is Boulge, a small hamlet.
It aired originally on the Sci Fi Channel on July 15, 2005.
"97 Seconds" is the third episode of the fourth season of House and the seventy-third episode overall.
It originally aired on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim on November 9, 2003, and on Fox on December 10, 2004.
It was originally broadcast in the United States on ABC on September 27, 2011.
"Everyone Has a Cobblepot" is the eighteenth episode of the television series Gotham.
Meanwhile, other various character subplots, scattered about the world, are unknowingly interconnected through a series of numbers and actions recognized by Jake.
The table reading for "The Face Painter" was held on March 26, 1995.
"Christmas Waltz" is the tenth episode of the fifth season of the American television drama series Mad Men and the 62nd episode of the series overall.
This proves a problem for Liz when her father, Dick Lemon arrives in town on a break from his marriage.
It originally aired on September 26, 2005.
The episode was written by Holly Henderson & Don Whitehead and it was directed by Alex Zakrzewski.
"Conundrum" is the two-hour series finale of the television series Dallas.
"The Vulcan Affair" was the first episode of the television series The Man from U.N.C.L.E.
The episode was written by Jenna Bans and Alexandra Cunningham and directed by David Grossman.
"Tigh Me Up, Tigh Me Down" is the ninth episode of the reimagined Battlestar Galactica television series.
It was first broadcast in seven weekly parts from 31 January to 14 March 1970.
Written by Steve Roberts and directed by Harley Cokeliss, it first aired in the United States on February 13, 1995.
Written by Max Ehrlich, and directed by Joseph Pevney, it was first broadcast on October 13, 1967, and repeated July 12, 1968.
The episode was written by Herbert Wright, based on a story by Larry Forrester, and directed by Rob Bowman.
"Deal Me Out" was the 37th episode of the M*A*S*H television series and the thirteenth of season two.
It is the last in the first block of episodes in the seventh series, followed by the 2012 Christmas special "The Snowmen".
The phrase "no homo" may also be used instead of or in addition to "pause".
It was aired on June 10, 2013.
The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company network in the United States on January 14, 2010.
"Seeds of Destruction" is an episode from the sixth season of The Outer Limits.
The episode was first broadcast on 9 January 1970 on the ITV.
During his career, Byrnes served as a U.S. Representative, a U.S.
Upon its initial airing, it was watched by 6.095 million viewers and garnered a 3.1 rating in the 18-49 demographic, according to Nielsen ratings.
The 9th Golden Globe Awards also honored the best films of 1951.
"The Magician's Apprentice" is the first episode of the ninth series of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
In the episode, Michael Scott brings the office on a booze cruise and plans on doing some "motivational" speaking.
It premiered on September 18, 2002, and aired its final episode on May 21, 2003
It is the second episode of the second half of the show's sixth season, and the 14 episode of the season overall.
It also attracted popularity on the online BBC iPlayer and on BBC America in the United States.
It was written by James Kerwin and Vic Mignogna from a story by Vic Mignogna and directed by James Kerwin.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files.
Chuck Bartowski is overcome with jealousy when his nemesis Bryce Larkin, Sarah Walker's ex-lover and partner, makes an unexpected return.
Chuck and Sarah go on the run in an effort to locate Chuck's father.
"Home" is the third episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Enterprise.
"The Wife" is the 81st episode of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld.
John Scurti plays a patient convinced he is suffering from diabetes.
The episode was written by Steven Levitan, Jeffrey Richman & Bill Wrubel and directed by Steven Levitan.
In North America, this episode was somehow syndicated onto UPN affiliates a week early by accident.
The culture consists of two related races, but only the more genetically advanced race has been stricken by a planet-wide plague.
In the episode, the detectives' investigation crosses paths with a federal one.
Stan's cynicism is mistakenly blamed on his recent vaccinations and diagnosed as Asperger syndrome, a criticism of anti-vaccination proponents.
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on March 25, 2010.
The film stars John Stride, Geoffrey Burridge and Elizabeth Romilly.
"Margaritaville" is the third episode of the thirteenth season of the American animated television series South Park.
It was first screened on 14 December 2007, as the sixth episode of series three.
Like "The Harrowing", the final episode of the first series of Inside No.
It is written by Paul Magrs, and stars Tom Baker as the Fourth Doctor and Richard Franklin as Captain Mike Yates.
Desmond also reveals to Charlie that Charlie is destined to die.
It originally aired on Showtime on December 4, 2011.
Randall and Hopkirk is a British private detective television series, starring Mike Pratt and Kenneth Cope respectively as the private detectives Jeffrey Randall and Martin Hopkirk.
"Fool for Love" is episode 7 of season 5 of the television show Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
The pilot episode was released online in both Spanish and English on June 9, 2013, before its television debut on June 23.
Although it acquired positive critiques from commentators, the humor and general execution of "Space Race: Part II" was deemed inferior to its predecessor.
Meanwhile, Galactica is to send a squadron to meet with the resistance on New Caprica.
However, he fails to find anything unusual about the case.
Meanwhile, Wolfram & Hart have resurrected the long-dead vampire Darla to seek revenge against Angel.
Most heaped praise on the scenes featuring Karofsky, both the events leading up to his suicide attempt and when Kurt visited him in the hospital.
In the episode, Cartman's disrespectful behavior puts him on the wrong side of Wendy Testaburger when he mocks her presentation on breast cancer awareness.
is the series finale of the Showtime television series Dexter.
"The Life and Death of Jeremy Bentham" is the seventh television episode of the fifth season of ABC's Lost.
The majority of the episode was filmed on December 4, 1990.
It originally aired on December 27, 1963 on CBS.
Foreman and Thirteen go to the Renaissance Fair to investigate.
However, some felt that Grant and McKellen were underused as villains or the plot was slight because of the focus on characterisation.
No Jewish synagogue would rent out their space for the episode, so Shaughnessy Heights United Church was renovated to look like one.
The episodes were the strongest episodes in the eighth season on the Nielsen household ratings with fellow Stargate SG-1 episode "New Order".
House confronts him and tries to ruin their relationship to protect him from being hurt again.
It was written by Brian Boyle and directed by Josue Cervantes.
"To'hajiilee" is the thirteenth episode of the fifth season of the American television drama series Breaking Bad, and the 59th overall episode of the series.
Also in Storybrooke, Regina and Mr. Gold try to stop anyone from coming out of the portal.
In this episode, escaped nanites threaten the Enterprise as well as its critical research mission.
"Bridge and Tunnel" originally aired on ABC on January 6, 2015, and according to Nielsen Media Research, was watched by 6.91 million viewers.
It is set in just two of the six houses on Ramsay Street.
Television critics were generally unimpressed with the episode, with many expressing that it was dull and mediocre.
It's cut-off by snow during the winter months.
Harper speaks to Captain Carl Kessel about their involvement in Britten's accident.
In the episode, on Kobol, Crashdown leads an ill fated assault on a Cylon missile battery.
The episode was directed by John Polson and written by Sam Humphrey.
On March 3, 2009, the DVD and the video game based on the episode was released simultaneously.
However, he has not aged one bit after his disappearance.
"Within" has been analyzed due to its themes of death and resurrection.
In the episode, Susan recovers from having been held hostage while Gabrielle attempts to salvage her marriage to her incarcerated husband, Carlos.
The episode was seen by 7.35 million viewers in the UK and achieved an Appreciation Index of 85.
The special originally broadcast on Cartoon Network on November 27, 2008, on Thanksgiving Day.
"Two Fathers" was written in order to eliminate the Syndicate and relaunch the series' mythology.
"Angel of Death " is the 24th episode of the fourth season of the American police procedural drama NCIS, and the 94th episode overall.
Meanwhile, Keith is temporarily reassigned to the sheriff's department in order to help with a case involving a serial killer.
14.84 million American viewers watched the broadcasting of "House's Head", making House the ninth most-watched program of the week.
"Faithfully" is an eighth-season episode of Law & Order: Criminal Intent and the 160th episode overall.
The title is taken from the title line of an Irish folk song, Carrickfergus.
"Something Wicca This Way Comes" is the first episode of the television series Charmed, which was broadcast on The WB on October 7, 1998.
The episode received mixed reviews from critics.
Meanwhile, Andy Dwyer takes on all of April Ludgate's errands with the hopes of convincing her not to move to Indianapolis.
Kitsis and Horowitz sought to write new perspectives of familiar characters, and featured the themes of hope, family, and motherhood.
The episode featured guest performances by Seth Rogen, Meredith Baxter, Peter Chernin, Fred Savage, Daniel Stern, Ed Helms, Sharon Tay, John Moschitta, Jr. and Mark DeCarlo.
Written by Mere Smith and directed by Marita Grabiak, it was originally broadcast on October 22, 2001 on the WB network.
Meanwhile, Jack Donaghy tries to help Tracy Jordan and his wife, Angie, arrange a post-nuptial agreement and Jenna Maroney auditions for a Janis Joplin biographical film.
The episode premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on October 1, 2014.
It was aired on May 6, 2013.
Stutterers often find that their stuttering fluctuates and that they have "good" days, "bad" days and "stutter-free" days.
Friends was produced by Bright/Kauffman/Crane Productions, in association with Warner Bros. Television.
The neighbors set aside their differences and recover Stewie, losing Meg's Prada purse in the process.
Guest stars in this episode include Neal Bledsoe, Halley Feiffer, Ryan McGinnis, Donna Murphy and Kathy Najimy.
The episode bears similarities to the Flying Dutchman, a mythical ghost ship that drifts forever in the ocean with no chance of returning home.
The episode's title refers to an astronomical alignment of three celestial objects, usually the sun, the Earth, and a moon or planet.
"Patience" is a "Monster-of-the-Week" story, unconnected to the series' wider mythology.
"The Major" is the fifteenth episode of the second season of the American crime drama The Blacklist.
"Turf War" is the twenty-third episode of the eighth season of the American comedy television series The Office, and the show's 175th episode overall.
The episode, however, ranked as the highest-rated NBC series of the night.
"Ricardio the Heart Guy" was watched by 1.91 million people and received largely positive critical attention, with many reviews praising Takei's voice work.
It first aired on October 11, 2007 in the United States.
It is the 11th episode of the second season.
"Home Economics" is the eighth episode of the first season of the American comedy television series Community.
This episode is particularly notable for revealing Kramer's first name.
Club appreciated how the episode ran the gauntlet from toilet humour to Shakespearean references.
All of the regular cast performed their own vocals, although two actors were given minimal singing at their request.
"Fight or Flight" is the third episode in the first season of the CBS television series Supergirl, which aired on November 9, 2015.
In the episode, the crew of the Enterprise investigates the murder of a crewman on a terraforming colony and discover a crystalline life form possessing intelligence.
It marks the departure of Luke Smith from the regular cast.
The crew conduct repairs on the colony and train the colonists to fight off the Klingons.
The episode was written by Curtis Gwinn and directed by Ernest Dickerson.
It first aired in the United States on the Fox Broadcasting Network on April 14, 2009, and more than 10 million viewers watched the episode.
Written by Glen and Les Charles and directed by James Burrows, the episode first aired September 30, 1982 on NBC.
In the episode, Gibbs is shot during his stop at a diner.
Guest stars in this episode include James Franco, Matt Lauer, and Jeffery Self.
Black is dogged on his travels by a strange man interested in both the Millennium Group and doomsday predictions.
The complete second season was released on Region 1 DVD on October 2, 2007.
The screenplay was written by Christopher Penfold; the director was Charles Crichton.
This was the first episode where Rod Serling appeared on camera at the beginning, rather than introducing the episode in a voice-over narration.
Number 13 is the second of four recent adaptations of ghost stories by M.R.
Club thought that it was too varied tonally.
Korsh later decided to change the premise because, unlike working on Wall Street, working as a lawyer requires several qualifications.
"Episode Two" is the second episode of the Space channel's science fiction series Dark Matter.
Written by series creator Kyle Killen, "Pilot" earned a Nielsen rating of 2.0, being watched by 6.247 million viewers upon its initial broadcast.
"Not in Portland" is the 7th episode of the third season of Lost and the 56th episode overall.
When it is shown on television, it is edited to remove these references.
Scully begins to wonder if he is now a traitor to the FBI.
It originally aired on ABC on 29 September 1962.
"Relevance" is the sixteenth episode of the second season of the American television drama series Person of Interest.
The episode is followed by Save Yourself and is preceded by Gone, Gone, Gone.
It is the 19th episode of the Chuck series' second season.
The episodes were directed by Lee Salisbury and produced by Bryan Kirkwood.
It originally aired on April 29, 2010.
In the episode, Mitchell tries to tell Cameron how he feels uncomfortable with his mom, Barb Tucker.
It was originally broadcast on Saturday evenings on BBC One, and was produced for the BBC by the independent production company Carnival Films.
In this episode, Vivien gives birth and Violet learns that Tate is the biological father to one of her new siblings.
It originally aired on CBS in the United States on March 19, 2013.
Other complaints with the episode included stereotyped supporting characters and an implausible premise.
"The Truth" is the 19th episode of Seinfeld.
The episode focuses on the death of Rudy's pet goldfish, which was difficult to explain to her and difficult for her to deal with.
The episode was filmed in Cardiff in July 2007.
The series depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton, Pennsylvania branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company.
"Monday" was inspired by an episode of The Twilight Zone entitled "Shadow Play".
The episode attracted generally favorable reviews from critics, who praised both the actors and the comedy writing.
It was originally broadcast in the United States on ABC on April 12, 2011.
"Lazarus Rising" is the fourth season premiere of the CW television series Supernatural.
The episode was written by Jim Barnes and directed by Jeffrey Hunt.
Simon's quest to seduce his childhood sweetheart, Carli, is never completed – often due to Jay's intervention.
It included the third in a string of guest appearances by Julie Benz, a former stripper who serves as a romantic interest for Katherine.
"Worlds Apart" is the twentieth episode of the fourth season of the Fox science-fiction drama television series Fringe, and the series' 85th episode overall.
"Flight 104" is the 22nd episode of the Supermarionation television series Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons.
It was adapted and directed by Jonathan Miller and broadcast as part of the BBC arts strand Omnibus.
It originally aired on ABC on 29 December 1962.
"Shadow of Fear" is the 18th episode of the Supermarionation television series Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons.
The episode was viewed by 1.3 million Americans and was generally well received.
"Bug" is the ninth episode of the fourth season of the American television drama series Breaking Bad, and the 42nd overall episode of the series.
The following is a list of all The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius episodes.
"Chuck Versus the Beard" is a third season episode of the television series Chuck.
Also, Marshall Allman, despite credited, does not appear as L. J. Burrows.
The series depicts the adventures of Veronica Mars as she deals with life as a high school student while moonlighting as a private detective.
"New Jack City" is the ninth episode of the second series of the Channel 4 television sitcom Father Ted.
"Lamentation" featured guest appearances by Bill Smitrovich and Alex Diakun, and introduced Sarah-Jane Redmond as Lucy Butler.
The episode was written by series co-creator Trey Parker and is rated TV-MA L in the United States.
Cristina Yang deals with the PTSD of her boyfriend and fellow surgeon Owen Hunt.
"Puhoy" is the sixteenth episode of the fifth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time.
Tessa witnesses a shooting of a peasant girl.
The character of CeCe Rhodes received critical praise throughout the episode
It is written by series creator Hart Hanson and directed by Greg Yaitanes.
The episode is rated as TV-14, and the title is a reference to Mission: Impossible.
The episode gained mostly positive responses from critics.
It received mixed reviews from television critics.
It was written by lead writer and executive producer Steven Moffat and directed by Jeremy Webb.
"The Chase" is the 146th episode of the syndicated American science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, the 20th episode of the sixth season.
Mr. Monk Goes to the Firehouse is a mystery novel by Lee Goldberg, based on the popular TV series Monk.
"'Kingdom Come" is the sixth episode of the first season of the American crime-thriller television series Millennium.
"Cancelled" is the first episode of the seventh season of the American animated television series South Park, and the 97th episode of the series overall.
Critics responded positively to "The Understudy", praising it as an improvement upon the previous week's episode "Last Gasp".
Mitch and Stan Larsen discuss their family's future.
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work.
It originally aired on February 4, 2015.
"Hopeless" is the 21st episode of the sixth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother and the 133rd episode overall.
Deciding to accept the challenge, Lois faces the fight of her life, causing her to unleash pent-up anger at Peter.
It first aired on 21 February 1997, during the third season.
It originally aired on ABC on 26 October 1963.
First announced at the 2009 San Diego Comic-Con International, the episode was written by Mark Hentemann and directed by James Purdum.
In this episode, Doggett wakes up in Mexico with no memory of who he is or how he got there.
The episode received positive reviews, with one critic remarking on how the "high level of production value is consistently entertaining and informative."
It was written by Allison Silverman and was directed by Matt Sohn.
The episode was well received by television critics, with many praising the final scene.
Jesse Tyler Ferguson was nominated for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series for his performance in this episode.
The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company in the United States on April 12, 2007.
The episode ranked fourth in its timeslot and was also the highest-rated NBC series of the night.
"Rats Like Cheese" is the eighth episode of the Batman television series in its first season.
Stone adds, "[We] never heard a peep out of Isaac in any way until we did Scientology.
It received a 1.5 rating/5 share among viewers in the 18–49 demographic.
It originally aired on Cartoon Network on October 1, 2012.
Its broadcast was preceded by the release of a 20-episode online "micro-series" which introduced the individual heroes and set up the plot.
It originally aired on May 6, 2015.
The episode was received positively by critics, and was watched by 9.45 million American viewers.
The episode was filmed in and around Cardiff between June and July 2007 as part of the second production block of the series.
In "You're Welcome," former series regular Charisma Carpenter returns as a guest star, when the character of Cordelia Chase miraculously awakens from her coma.
House of Bloo's is the first episode of the animated television series Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends.
"A Man Alone" is the fourth episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine.
It originally aired on April 2, 2006.
It was written and directed by Vince Gilligan.
It also introduced Section 31, originally seen in Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, to an earlier time in the Star Trek canon.
According to Nielsen ratings, it was viewed in 9.93 million homes in its original airing.
The final shooting script is dated 7 January 1975.
It was nominated for three Emmy Awards, winning two.
The episode features creator David Shore's directorial debut.
Several critics either describe this as the most memorable episode of the series or mention it first when describing the series' memorable episodes.
Someone tells a reporter for The New York Post that Jack is a "Class A Moron" and that he can "eat my poo."
"Sex Ed" is the fourth episode of the seventh season of the American comedy television series The Office, and the show's 130th episode overall.
"The Merv Griffin Show" is the 162nd episode of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld.
The hypnotist, named Sal, eventually tells her to let go of the repressed memories she had from Stan.
"Disneyland After Dark" was an episode of Walt Disney's Wonderful World of Color that aired on April 15, 1962.
Derek Shepherd asks Meredith to move to D.C. with her for his new job.
"Tom's Rhinoplasty" is the eleventh episode in the first season of the American animated television series South Park.
However, when they discover that their potion's recipe was connected to a terrible event in Equestrian history, they must find a way to reverse its effects.
Kyle starts having nightmares about the ordeal and is desperate to confess, but Cartman goes all out to stop him.
It is the 108th episode overall and was first released on Yahoo!
Meanwhile, Scully investigates an implant found in her neck, and fears that her life—and those of her family—may be in danger.
Gordon and Barnes investigate Galavan's penthouse for clues until they're ambushed by Tabitha's hitmen.
It was first shown on 23 February 1996, during the second season.
In the flash-sideways, Desmond encourages Hurley to believe Libby Smith's visions of the other timeline.
"Game On" is the fourth episode of the third season of the American television drama series Homeland, and the 28th episode overall.
Meanwhile, Detective Olivia Benson struggles to cope with the aftermath of the squad room shooting.
It is the seventeenth episode of the second season of the series and the thirty-fourth episode overall.
", Wheatus's "Teenage Dirtbag" and "Say My Name" by Destiny's Child all spent four weeks at the top spot.
"Galentine's Day" featured a guest appearance by John Larroquette as Frank Beckerson, the long-lost love of Marlene Griggs-Knope, who was played by Pamela Reed.
It originally aired on ABC in the United States on 10 March 2010.
It originally aired on October 27, 1961 on CBS.
"The Bellero Shield" is an episode of the original The Outer Limits television show.
While The Sydney Morning Herald's Bruce Elder did not care for the episode beyond the opening minutes.
The season also featured numerous guest stars, including John Schneider, Susan Lucci, Carl Reiner and Joe Jonas.
The episode ultimately ranked as the highest-rated NBC series of the night.
In the film, Paul has recently left his wife and has moved to a residential health spa located in an old country house to recuperate.
John Goodman guest starred as the voice of Santa Claus.
"The Departed" is the twenty-second and final episode of The Vampire Diaries's third season, premiering May 10, 2012 on The CW.
The 23rd episode of the sixth season.
"Pinkeye" is the seventh episode in the first season of the American animated television series South Park.
"Pilot" is the first episode of Will & Grace's first season.
"Hairography" was watched by 6.1 million US viewers and received mixed reviews from critics.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully, who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files.
"Revelations" is the eleventh episode of the third season of the science fiction television series The X-Files.
The entry also saw the return of Miguel Ferrer, Steve Agee, Duncan Trussell, and Maurice LaMarche as various characters.
In this episode, Jim Halpert is forced into spending time with Michael Scott so that Michael will not reveal Jim's feelings for Pam Beesly.
In this episode Emma saves her parents, Regina, Hook, and Robin from King Arthur and Zelena.
"Happy Family" is a third season episode of the television series Law & Order: Criminal Intent.
It first aired on April 6, 2005, on ABC.
It originally aired on 25 February 2000.
Phil is hurt when Luke begins to outperform him in every activity they practice together.
The series depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton, Pennsylvania branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company.
In the episode, Claire and Gloria's Mother's Day excursion outdoors with the kids turns into the mother of all disasters.
It was written by Lee Eisenberg and Gene Stupnitsky and directed by Lee Eisenberg.
When Steve is practicing shooting, he accidentally kills a mall Santa.
The inclusion of Marvel characters such as Carl Creel and Atwell's Peggy Carter were particularly praised.
The series centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called "X-Files".
Rico Rodriguez does not appear in the episode, due to his contract only calling for him to appear in only 22 episodes of the season.
The episode features Peter after he suddenly begins suffering from amnesia, and can no longer remember anything about his life, including his own family and friends.
But while the Griffins are there to get him, they look inside a rocket, and Stewie launches them into space.
"Heroic Origins" is the twelfth episode of the fourth season of the NBC sitcom Community, which originally aired on May 2, 2013.
Blind Young Things is a 2007 British documentary about students at the Royal National College for the Blind in Hereford.
The episode eventually ends in a cliffhanger.
"We Need the Eggs" is the seventeenth episode of the eighth season of House and the 172nd overall.
"Blood Ties" is the three-episode sixth season premiere of the American police drama television series Homicide: Life on the Street.
It first aired on December 8, 2004, on the American Broadcasting Company.
The episode was directed by Bill Bain and written by Roger Marshall.
It was first broadcast on 17 April 1998, during the fourth season.
It premiered on the Fox network on March 23, 1997.
It used a combination of standing sets along with a handful of new sets to represent locations on the Xindi planet.
It was directed by Linda Mendoza, and written by Ron Weiner.
Casting began in February 2004 and filming took place the following month primarily on the Colonial Street backlot set at Universal Studios.
"Care" follows the case of a dead infant dropped off at a hospital to the corrupt estate agent whose negligence caused his death.
Doctor Who alumna Louise Jameson co-stars with Caroline John in all four films, as Patricia Haggard.
"Something Blue" is the 22nd and final episode in the second season of the television series How I Met Your Mother.
"On the Day Before" is the forty-eighth The West Wing episode and fourth of the third season.
"United" was written by Judith and Garfield Reeves-Stevens from a story idea by show runner Manny Coto.
In the episode, Mayor Adam West is brought on trial for murder.
30 Rock follows the production of the fictional sketch comedy program The Girlie Show with Tracy Jordan.
Don becomes furious after learning of the impact Megan's new profession will have on their life.
"The Swarm" is the 46th episode of Star Trek: Voyager, the fourth episode of the third season.
Panic in the Sky is the thirty-eighth episode of the 1950s television series Adventures of Superman, starring George Reeves.
"Wishin' and Hopin'" is the fourteenth episode of the third season of the American television medical drama Grey's Anatomy, and the show's 50th episode overall.
The season also featured OReilly and James Baxter as guest animators in the episodes "A Glitch is a Glitch" and "James Baxter the Horse", respectively.
"Vis à Vis" is the 88th episode of Star Trek: Voyager, the 20th episode of the fourth season.
The dead Doctor is revealed to be an older self, after his younger version returns.
Special guest star Kate Hudson makes her first appearance as Rachel's dance instructor, Cassandra July, and Whoopi Goldberg returns as NYADA dean Carmen Tibideaux.
The show also parodies the The Bachelor.
11.5 million viewers watched "The Big Goodbye"; critical reception was mixed.
This was the fifth episode for the eighth season.
Point of No Return is an episode from the third season of the science-fiction television series Babylon 5.
It originally aired on January 11, 2010.
It first aired on November 16, 2005, on ABC.
It is one of several episodes that sees Deep Space Nine crew members visit their counterparts in the Mirror Universe.
All songs with the exception of "My Funny Valentine" were released as singles and made available for digital download.
Directed by Brian Iles and written by Mark Hentemann, the episode originally aired on Fox in the United States on May 16, 2010.
The episode featured the return of Cyia Batten and William Lucking who had both previously appeared in multi-episode parts in Star Trek: Deep Space Nine.
"'Walkabout" is the seventeenth episode of the first season of the American crime-thriller television series Millennium.
Cameron tries to arrange a fundraiser that will help him upstage his "nemesis" Andrew.
"Berlin" is the 21st episode of the tenth season of the American police procedural drama NCIS, and the 231st episode overall.
Stefan meets the girl who appears as his relative Sarah, but since Stefan knows the real Sarah, he knows that she is lying.
"Ginger Cow" is the sixth episode in the seventeenth season of the American animated television series South Park.
The fire was nominated in the "Best Stunt" category at the 2011 All About Soap Bubble Awards.
"End Game" earned a Nielsen household rating of 11.2, being watched by 10.7 million households in its initial broadcast.
The episode was written by David Schnuler and was directed by John David Coles.
Meanwhile, Tracy Jordan fears that his sons are trying to kill him.
It was viewed by 5.72 million viewers upon its initial airing, while also receiving a 2.6/6 rating in the 18–49 demographic, according to Nielsen ratings.
"What Kate Does" is the 106th television episode of the American Broadcasting Company's Lost and third episode of the sixth season.
Rather than be a good father to his estranged son, Brian uses his son's television connections to further his own writing career.
Written by Tom Fontana and directed by Darnell Martin, it aired originally on July 12, 1997.
"Wing" is the third episode in the ninth season of the American animated television series South Park.
The episode first aired on DirecTV's The 101 Network on December 2, 2009.
It is the tenth episode of the fifth season, and first aired on December 9, 1993.
The first episode of the fifth season was the two-parter episode "Finn the Human" / "Jake the Dog", both of which aired on November 12, 2012.
The episode received mostly positive reviews from television critics.
The episode was watched by an aggregated total of 4.97 million viewers across its first three showings.
The episode was written by Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse, and directed by Jack Bender.
"The Bubble" received generally positive reviews and, according to Nielsen Media Research, was seen by an estimated 4.27 million household viewers.
"No More Blood" is the thirteenth episode of the fourth season of Scandal, and is the 60th overall episode.
The episode features guest appearances by actors Katee Sackhoff and George Takei.
The episode's initial broadcast in the United States attracted 17.64 million viewers.
"Wedding Bell Blues" received positive reviews from television critics.
It received positive reviews, with critics praising the episode's character development.
agents as they deal with an amnesiac Lady Sif and revelations about the Kree and Inhumans.
"Something Old, Something New" was produced by Adam DiVello, Liz Gateley, Kristofer Lindquist, Sara Mast, and Sean Travis.
"Stowaway" is the 17th episode of the third season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe, and the 60th episode overall.
The episode was written by Brian Young and directed by Michael Allowitz.
Its creator and executive producer was Tom Kapinos.
It originally aired on CBS in the United States on November 13, 2012.
It was produced by Tiger Aspect Productions.
It was first broadcast on BBC One on 28 April 2007, and is the conclusion of the two-part story begun in "Daleks in Manhattan".
The episode received wide acclaim from television critics and earned a Nielsen rating of 3.9 in the 18–49 demographic, being seen by 7.7 million viewers.
It originally aired on FX in the United States on February 6, 2013.
Shatner's Outer Limits character is involved in a mission called "Project Vulcan".
"The Front Porch" is the 17th episode in the fourth season of the television series How I Met Your Mother and 81st overall.
The episode was written by Jessica Sharzer and directed by Bradley Buecker.
Parker and Stone later carried over many themes from the episode for their musical The Book of Mormon, which opened on Broadway in 2011.
The episode was written by Carter Bays & Craig Thomas and it was directed by Pamela Fryman.
"Goodbye, My Friend" received mostly positive reviews from television critics.
Following their conversation, Don's interest in his work is re-ignited, as he dedicates himself to landing the Jaguar account.
The TARDIS crew find themselves trapped in the Gamestation, also known as Satellite 5, where they must battle to survive the cruel games.
After lots of mishaps, the family is barely on time for the portrait but Claire's perfectionism gets on Jay who starts a mud fight.
"Infestation" is the second episode of the second season of the CBS drama series Under the Dome, and the fifteenth episode overall.
This was the third episode for the sixth season.
It first aired in the NBC Saturday morning lineup on November 24, 1973, and was written by American actress and screenwriter Joyce Perry.
He soon finds himself caught between supporting the religious figure and the more secular leader of the conventional Klingon political power structure.
It first aired on 3 October 1974.
"Maneuvers" is the 27th episode of Star Trek: Voyager, and the 11th episode in the second season.
"The Last Sam Weiss" is the penultimate episode of the third season of the Fox science fiction television series Fringe, and the 64th episode overall.
It was produced at Floyd County Productions and animated at Radical Axis Studio in Atlanta, over the course of approximately one month.
The episode was written by Kay Reindl and Erin Maher, and directed by John Peter Kousakis.
Written and directed by series creator Ryan Murphy, it premiered on the Fox network on September 28, 2010, and pays tribute to Britney Spears.
It originally aired on Fox in the United States on November 25, 2012, and is written by Danny Smith and directed by Joe Vaux.
It stars John Nettles as Detective Chief Inspector Tom Barnaby and Daniel Casey as Detective Sergeant Gavin Troy.
When Devon becomes an unwilling agent of the Ring, Chuck must take on the role of his handler and help him survive the Ring's dangerous test.
The episode was written by series creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone, and David Goodman.
"Señor Macho Solo" has received generally positive reception from television critics.
It was viewed by 5.38 million homes during its original airing, and it acquired a 2.6 rating from the 18-49 demographic, according to the Nielson ratings.
The pilot was rebroadcast as a two-part episode during further broadcast syndication.
Meanwhile, Karen Filippelli and Jim Halpert have an argument over Karen's living situation, leading to Pam Beesly offering him advice.
Dr. Stephen Hawking, who visited the set during filming, almost became a guest star in the episode.
The final scene prompted some to think that the Mother was dead; this was proven correct in the series finale, "Last Forever".
"Twenty Vicodin" is the eighth season premiere episode of the American television medical drama series House and the 156th overall episode of the series.
It was first broadcast in September 21, 2015 in FOX.
The episode got strong reviews from major media publishers worldwide.
"For the Uniform" is the 111th episode of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the 13th episode of the fifth season.
"Episode 5", also known as "Cooper's Dreams", is the sixth episode of the first season of the American mystery television series Twin Peaks.
agents as they attack a major Hydra base.
It was directed by J. Miller Tobin.
According to Nielsen ratings, it was watched by 10.17 million people during its original airing in the United States.
"Sardines" is the first episode of British dark comedy anthology series Inside No.
It was watched by an estimated 11.64 million viewers, scoring a 3.9 ratings share in the 18-49 demographic.
It earned the series an Emmy for Most Outstanding Half Hour or Less Program and is considered one of the best episodes of the series.
It marks Rowan Atkinson's début as the character Edmund Blackadder, and is the first appearance of the recurring characters Baldrick and Percy.
This episode centers around the Smiths, whom start to develop communication issues with each other.
"Dead Run" is the second segment of the nineteenth episode from the first season of the television series The Twilight Zone.
"Pretty Baby...." is an episode of the British television soap opera EastEnders, broadcast on BBC One on 31 January 2008.
Grey's Anatomy centers around a group of physicians struggling to balance their professional lives with their personal lives.
"The Confession" is the fifth episode of the eighth season of the American television medical drama series House and the 160th overall episode of the series.
Club applauding the episode's dialogue and voice acting.
It premiered to mostly positive reviews, with some believing it improved the entire season by providing more meaning to previous episode mysteries.
"Shiva" was received with overwhelmingly positive reviews and became the most watched episode of the series, surpassing season 8's "Freedom", the previous series high in viewers.
It premiered on the Fox network on January 6, 2002.
Garak's tailor shop is bombed, and Odo launches an investigation.
However, Gabriel has created a separate reality where she was kidnapped by Dr. Wild rather than murdered.
It premiered on April 27, 2014, on Fox, and aired on April 28, 2014, on National Geographic Channel.
The episode premiered on September 17, 2009.
"What Lies Beneath" was originally aired on May 1, 2014, on The CW.
In the episode, Claire becomes a neighborhood vigilante hoping to catch and stop a car that speeds through their streets.
It marks Chad L. Coleman's final appearance as series regular Tyreese.
"Daddy Issues" is the 13th episode of the second season of The CW television series, The Vampire Diaries and the 35th episode of the series overall.
It originally aired on HBO in the United States on September 12, 2010.
It received generally positive reviews from critics for its storyline.
"The Man with Two Brians" is the fifth episode in the seventh season of the American animated television series Family Guy.
The episode sees Del Boy, Rodney and Grandad travelling to Boycie's weekend cottage in Cornwall intending to do some illegal fishing.
It was written and directed by executive producer Frank Spotnitz.
It aired originally on March 7, 1990.
In the episode, Liz Lemon and Kenneth Parcell go on a quest to find Tracy Jordan now that they know he is not in Africa.
It was the last episode of the series to have a Christmas theme for ten years until 2014's "#HappyHolograms".
"The Last Defender of Camelot" is the second segment of the twenty-fourth episode of the first season of the American television series The Twilight Zone.
"The Rehearsal Dinner" is the twelfth episode of the ninth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother, and the 196th episode overall.
"Blame It on the Alcohol" is the fourteenth episode of the second season of the television series Glee, and the thirty-sixth overall.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files.
The title of the episode refers to the slang use of "Abyssinia" for "goodbye".
Its teleplay was written by Michael Imperioli, from a story idea by Imperioli and Maria Laurino.
Meanwhile, Cobblepot works his way deeper into Maroni’s inner circle and Fish Mooney continues to plot to take down Falcone.
"The Future Dunphys" is the 19th episode of the fourth season of the American sitcom Modern Family, and the series' 91st episode overall.
The eighth episode of the seventh season.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files.
Yoshimura considered "Black and Blue" the favorite script he wrote for Homicide.
"Final Exam" is the sixteenth episode of the fourth season of The Outer Limits television show.
The family was conceived by MacFarlane after developing two animated films, The Life of Larry and Larry & Steve.
"The Abandoned" is the 52nd episode of the syndicated American science fiction television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the sixth episode of the third season.
It is a "Monster-of-the-Week" story, a stand-alone plot which is unconnected to the series' wider mythology.
Unable to write anything inspiring, he decides to pick his sister Meg's brain and use her ideas.
Written by B. J. Novak, and directed by Jeffrey Blitz, the episode first aired in the United States on April 17, 2008 on NBC.
"When You Wish Upon a Weinstein" is the twenty-second episode of Family Guy's third season, and the original series finale.
The episode was written by Caroline Dries and directed by Jeffrey Hunt.
"Glitch" is an episode of The Outer Limits television show.
Unbeknown to them, the plan was partially set up by their rival, Scott, a critic who is often displeased by their random jokes of flatulence.
"College" is the fifth episode of the first season of the HBO television drama series The Sopranos, which originally aired on February 7, 1999.
More than 6 million viewers tuned in for the episode in the UK, while the critical response for the episode was mixed.
After getting Lizzy's body exhumed, Megan realizes the same person killed Joe and Lizzy.
The show also parodies Earth Day, portraying it as a "brainwashing festival."
Written and directed by David Greenwalt, it was the Season One finale, and originally broadcast on May 23, 2000 on the WB network.
"Time Stops" is the 24th episode of the eleventh season of the American television medical drama Grey's Anatomy, and the 244rd episode overall.
Then Matty gets in touch - he's still in love with Franky and needs Nick's help to get him out of Morocco and back to Bristol.
City of Death features the Fourth Doctor and his companion Romana.
The episode aired on December 15, 2013.
"Remember December" received generally positive reviews from music critics; the majority of them praised its hook and chorus.
It guest starred Nathan Lane as Pepper Saltzman and Vic Polizos as a plumber.
"Force of Life" is the ninth episode of the first series of Space: 1999.
"Running to Stand Still" is the sixth episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.
It was first broadcast on BBC One on 19 September 2015.
The episode was written by Rachel Axler and directed by Seth Gordon.
"200" is the sixth episode of the science fiction television series Stargate SG-1's tenth season, and the 200th episode of the series overall.
"Zero Sum" is the twenty-first episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files.
It began airing on June 5, 2008 on NBC.
Critical reception from television critics and various media outlets was generally positive.
The use of placebos as treatment in clinical medicine is ethically problematic as it introduces deception and dishonesty into the doctor-patient relationship.
"From Prussia with Love" is an episode of the BBC sitcom, Only Fools and Horses.
"Paradise Lost" is the 84th episode of the television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the 12th episode of the fourth season.
Angela Bassett and Gabourey Sidibe guest star as Marie Laveau and Queenie, respectively.
In the episode, Officer Barbrady resigns as South Park's only police officer because of his illiteracy.
At the same time, she is the only person who can see aliens planting explosives in key ship systems, with no way to warn the crew.
The episode was critically acclaimed, with some critics considering it one of the best episodes in the more recent seasons.
It was broadcast on BBC One on 7 April 2007.
The episode was written by Russell Lewis; with additional writing by Ben Richards; and directed by Peter Hoar.
The episode was written by David A. Goodman and directed by Dominic Polcino.
A knight in shining armor, William, becomes House's next patient.
"Provenance" first aired in the United States on October 6, 2006.
"Patriot Games" is the twenty-second episode of the sixth season of the American sitcom Modern Family, and the series' 142nd episode overall.
The film was nominated for Academy Awards for Best Actor in a Leading Role and Best Costume Design, Black-and-White.
"Squeeze" was written by Glen Morgan and James Wong and directed by Harry Longstreet, with Michael Katleman directing additional footage.
Among viewers aged between 18 and 49, the episode was seen by 30 percent fewer viewers than the first season pilot episode.
"Eddie" is the ninth episode of the second season of Louie.
The two-part story won the 2011 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, Short Form.
Meanwhile, the boys' pet platypus, Perry, successfully halts the destruction of all the lawn gnomes in the tri-state area by his nemesis, Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz.
The episode attracted over five million viewers after its broadcast, as well as receiving generally positive reviews from television critics.
It first aired on 24 October 1975.
"Gethsemane" earned a Nielsen household rating of 13.2, being watched by 19.85 million people in its initial broadcast.
She must face being ostracized by Vulcan society and losing her position on Enterprise.
"It's a Small World" is the pilot episode from the iconic American television series Leave It to Beaver.
Detective Carlton Lassiter arrests the woman, and Shawn finds the money.
"Raging Bully" is the sixth broadcast episode of the animated television series Phineas and Ferb.
In the mini-episode, the Doctor's fez calls its former owner Albert Einstein into the TARDIS.
Club applauding its subtle exploration of puberty and sexuality.
This episode is a remake of The Twilight Zone classic episode that originally starred Anne Francis.
"Why We Fight" is episode 13 of season 5 in the television show Angel.
"Invest in Love" is the eighth episode of the sixth season of the American television medical drama Grey's Anatomy, and the show's 110th episode overall.
"Fight Club" is the twentieth episode of the seventh season of the science fiction television series The X-Files.
In the episode, Phil is about to meet with an ex-girlfriend, Denise, who he keeps talking with via Facebook.
The cliffhanger was generally praised, but the slow pace was criticized.
It is the 21st episode of the fourth season.
"The Passage" is the tenth episode of the third season from the science fiction television series Battlestar Galactica.
"Penguin's Umbrella" is the seventh episode of the television series Gotham.
In the episode, Basil is disgusted when two young lovers, Alan and Jean, begin 'hanky-pankying' under his very nose while checking in.
"Going Home" is the eleventh episode of the third season of the American fantasy drama series Once Upon a Time, and the show's 55th episode overall.
Moyer noted that it was "fun" directing his fellow castmates though his wife joked and called him a "bossy" director.
The episode was written by Atiha Sen Gupta and Jack Thorne, and was directed by Simon Massey.
Although in this alternate timeline Cordelia is a successful sitcom actress, she decides to accept the visions once again so that she can help people.
Abraham Ford, Dr. Eugene Porter and Rosita Espinosa, respectively.
"Explorers" is the 68th episode of the television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the 22nd episode of the third season.
Charice's performances were well received by American and Filipino critics, and Alicia Keys expressed approval of the Glee cast cover of "Empire State of Mind."
"Anslo Garrick Conclusion" is the tenth episode of the first season of the American crime drama The Blacklist.
Live-action filming took place Wednesday 25 August 1976 through Tuesday 28 September 1976.
"The Man in the Bear" is the fourth episode of the first season of the television series, Bones.
The episode was written by Chris McKenna and directed by Tristram Shapeero.
specifically parodies World Wrestling Entertainment and its chairman, Vince McMahon.
This episode is based loosely on Uncanny X-Men #12.
"You Don't Know What to Do" is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey included on her fourteenth studio album, Me.
It was written by series creator and showrunner David Chase and Matthew Weiner and directed by Alan Taylor.
Colbert said in advance, before the final week of the show aired, that it would be a special week "like every other week".
"Visionary" is the 63rd episode of the television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the seventeenth episode of the third season.
The episode stars Peter Capaldi and Jenna Coleman, with Joivan Wade and Christopher Fairbank guest starring.
"California Dreamin'" is the fifteenth episode of the fourth season of the animated comedy series The Cleveland Show.
It originally aired on October 15, 2014.
"Doomsday" is the sixth episode of the eighth season of the American comedy television series The Office, and the show's 158th episode overall.
Incorporating "The Cage" into the two-part episode, "The Menagerie", was actually a solution to a large and growing problem with the show's production.
Barclay and his team from Project Pathfinder, including Admiral Paris also make another appearance in Voyager's series finale "Endgame".
It was first broadcast on 4 November 1982.
In the United States, the episode achieved a viewership of 7.01 million in its initial broadcast.
The episode features the return of Brian Griffin after Stewie goes back in time to save him.
The episode was written by Loren Bouchard and Jim Dauterive, and directed by Anthony Chun.
"A View to a Kill" is the twelfth episode of Season Four of The Vampire Diaries, premiering January 31, 2013 on The CW.
"Episode 5" is the fifth episode of the first series of Humans, a show based on Real Humans and co-produced by Channel 4 and AMC.
Marrakesh is one of North Africa’s largest centres of wildlife trade, despite the illegality of much of this trade.
Weiss and directed, for the second time in this season, by David Petrarca.
In this episode, an abandoned unknown alien infant found aboard the station grows into an adult Jem'Hadar.
It featured the first appearance of David Anders as Dr. Whale and Anastasia Griffith in the dual role of Kathryn Nolan and Princess Abigail.
Fuller wrote the teleplay, which was directed by Mike Vejar.
The episode was written by Alan Yang and directed by Dean Holland.
It was first broadcast January 10, 1969, on NBC and repeated August 12, 1969.
"Free For All" is a television episode of the British science fiction-allegorical series, The Prisoner.
Meanwhile, Jack decides to visit the microwave division that he is boss of and makes a startling discovery.
"Proving Ground" is the thirteenth episode from the third season of the television series Star Trek: Enterprise.
It was subsequently released as part of the season five DVD set.
It originally aired on April 28, 2011, on NBC.
It is based on James Henry Tevis' book Arizona in the '50's.
The episode earned a Nielsen rating of 3.9 in the 18–49 demographic and was viewed by 8.3 million viewers in its original broadcast.
It was first screened on 7 October 2005, as the fifth episode of the first season of the series.
In the episode, Megan comes up with a last-minute pitch to save the Heinz account.
"Epiphanies" is the thirteenth episode of the second season of the reimagined Battlestar Galactica television series.
The episode title was a pun on the term "winning streak".
David Mandel wrote the episode in response to his then girlfriend Rebecca ending their long-distance relationship.
"Don't Make Me Over" is the fourth episode of season four of Family Guy.
It was written by Richard Curtis and directed by Jonny Campbell and featured an uncredited guest appearance from actor Bill Nighy.
It was originally aired on March 23, 2011.
In the episode, the boys go on vacation at Aspen, Colorado, where Stan is repeatedly tormented by an older skier named Tad.
It first aired on CBS in the United States on March 9, 2009.
The episode was watched by 4.01 million viewers, and received mixed reviews from critics.
The episode was written by Kirker Butler and directed by Dan Povenmire.
Matsyendranātha, Macchindranāth or Mīnanātha was a saint and yogi in a number of Buddhist and Hindu traditions.
The broadcast date of the subsequent episode, "Cartman's Mom Is Still a Dirty Slut", was moved up in response to the complaints.
Garak has to interrogate Odo to prove his loyalty to his former mentor as a Tal Shiar – Obsidian Order attack on the Founders is underway.
It originally aired on ABC on 15 December 1962.
The Turtles rise to the surface for the first time since being mutated.
His voice actor, Crispin Freeman, sought to reflect the character's declining sanity in his vocal style.
Jack begins a relationship with Phoebe, after being demoted.
"Children of Time" is the 120th episode of the television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the 22nd episode of the fifth season.
Meanwhile, the rest of the office finds a screenplay written by Michael and they decide to read it together.
The subplot involving Ron's birthday had been conceived by the Parks staff early in the development of the show.
In the episode, Peter loses his job after drinking too much at a stag party and falls asleep at work.
The episode highlights his rapid and mysterious physical demise, which has culminated in his need for a heart transplant.
It originally aired on Cartoon Network on April 12, 2010.
The episode was written by head writer and executive producer Steven Moffat and directed by Toby Haynes.
"The Stakeout" received generally positive reviews, with several commentators saying it marked a continued improvement over the first Parks and Recreation season.
This was the final episode to feature Eliza Schneider's voice due to pay concerns.
Green Goblin's appearance and new personality split critics, who felt that it was suitable but also strayed from his comic appearance.
"The Fifth Man" is the 20th episode of the fifth season of the American television show Numb3rs.
The final shooting script is dated 9 March 1976.
The episode received largely positive reviews from television critics.
It was directed by Tim Van Patten and originally aired on November 24, 2002.
The episode was written by series creators and executive producers Joseph Mallozzi and Paul Mullie, and directed by TJ Scott.
"Mergers and Acquisitions" is the forty-seventh episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and the eighth of the show's fourth season.
It originally aired on November 7, 2010.
In the episode, the Doctor visits Victorian era London during Christmas and meets a man claiming to be a future incarnation of the Doctor.
Gibbs continues to work with Captain Wescott while he retraces his steps in order to help the NCIS team track down a terrorist.
Meanwhile, Ellie Bartowski-Woodcomb discovers the true identity of Agent X while investigating her father Stephen's computer.
The pilot episode was originally broadcast on ITV in the United Kingdom on Friday 19 September 1969 on ATV Midlands.
In "The Initiative", Spike is imprisoned in an underground demon-research facility, and Riley realizes he has a crush on Buffy.
The episode was written by Veronica Becker and Sarah Kuscerka and directed by Michael Spiller.
This was the 17th episode for the sixth season.
Cash and Tucker also functioned as storyboard directors.
The episode was written by Tom Devanney, Alec Sulkin and Deepak Sethi and directed by Greg Colton.
It is the 20th episode of the show’s sixth season.
"Liaisons" is the 154th episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, and the second episode of the seventh season.
It originally aired on December 10, 2014.
"New Adam, New Eve" is the tenth episode of the second series of Space: 1999.
It originally aired on NBC on February 10, 1995.
The episode was seen by 7.97 million viewers in the UK and was met with positive reviews from critics.
"Mash Off" was met with a mostly positive reception from critics, and its musical performances and cover versions were also well received by reviewers.
It is also notable for the complete absence of the regular cast, including the Doctor.
"The Chinese Woman" is the 90th episode of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld.
Meanwhile, Leslie and Ben ask the police to provide security for the harvest festival, and April is assigned to be Chris's secretary.
It premiered on February 7, 2013 in the U.S.
Philip Morris issued a response to the segment, which received some criticism.
Television commentators lauded the character progression, its storytelling, Nicotero's direction, Gimple's and Hoffman's script and the ensemble's performances.
It was renewed in 2001, but yet again canceled in 2002, before being revived again in 2005.
"Mum's Army" is the ninth episode of the fourth series of the British comedy series Dad's Army that was originally transmitted on Friday 20 November 1970.
Incident On and Off a Mountain Road is the premiere episode of the first season of Masters of Horror, directed by Don Coscarelli.
is the second episode of the first season of the television series, Bones.
It premiered on September 18, 2002, and aired its final episode on May 21, 2003
The episode's ending is continued in the mid-season premiere, "Ass Burgers", which aired in October 2011.
It's the sixty-fourth episode of the series, first airing on January 14, 2004.
"The Cost" is the tenth episode of the first season of the HBO original series, The Wire.
It aired on January 13, 2016 on the cable network FX.
It featured guest star Rachael Harris as restaurant owner, Amelia.
Several of the characters' names are references to silent film-era actors and screenwriters.
It aired on Fox in the United States on May 19, 2013, and is written by Teresa Hsiao and directed by Jerry Langford.
In 2005, TV Guide ranked the episode #8 as part of its "Top 100 Most Unexpected Moments in TV History".
"Gethsemane" was filmed on one of the series' most elaborate and costly sets, replicating an icy mountaintop inside a refrigerated building using real snow and ice.
With the fourth season composed of 26 episodes and the fifth season composed of 23 episodes, these new seasons are the final.
It originally aired on Sunday December 19, 2004.
To secure victory, Ugly John has the boxing gloves coated in ether, but Burns and Houlihan, thinking it's unethical, fight with Hawkeye to keep it fair.
It was co-written by David H. Goodman and Vladimir Cvetko, while Ralph Hemecker directed the episode.
However, instead of continuing in the style of "Irresistible", the episode went in a "substantial new direction".
"Floyd" received generally mixed reception from television critics.
It aired for one season on the UPN network, with actor Forest Whitaker assuming Serling's role as narrator and on-screen host.
It originally aired on December 15, 2008.
It aired in the U.S. on September 28, 1995.
"The Purple Piano Project" is the premiere episode of the third season of the American musical television series Glee, and the forty-fifth overall.
The episode received mostly mixed to negative reviews.
Much like its predecessor, the sequel was also universally acclaimed and became a box office success.
The enhanced scene has been described as bold and highly poignant.
John kidnaps him for "justice", claiming that he was innocent.
"The Voyage Home" is an episode of The Outer Limits television show.
"Beefsquatch" is the ninth and final episode of the second season of the animated comedy series Bob's Burgers.
"The Conscience of the King" is an episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek.
The line "… not that there's anything wrong with that"—as a reference to homosexuality—has become a popular catchphrase among fans.
In this episode, SpongeBob and Patrick become entrepreneurs in an attempt to live the fancy life.
"Heart of the Storm" is episode number 66 from season 3 and was originally aired on Monday May 13, 2002.
"Tailgate" is the 13th episode of the seventh season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother, and the 149th episode overall.
"Chrysalis" is the final episode of the first season of the science fiction television series Babylon 5.
At the Buy More, Morgan becomes a pariah among his coworkers after Big Mike's demotion.
In this episode, the Enterprise encounters a Starfleet supply ship where everyone has died from rapid aging.
They are simultaneously "voiced" or "voice acted" from the side of the stage by a member of the company.
After his return to Enterprise, he learns that he is pseudo-pregnant.
It was written by supervising producer Matt Hubbard and directed by Beth McCarthy-Miller.
The episode is unusual in that it is told from the viewpoint of two maintenance workers as they witness the station being attacked.
The episode features covers of eight songs, including a mash-up of "Hair" from the musical Hair and "Crazy in Love" by Beyoncé featuring Jay-Z.
This episode was written by David A. Goodman and directed by Brian Iles.
Jesse's party scenes, which symbolized the character's internal guilt and fragile state of mind, included background songs by rapper Flavor Flav and the band Honey Claws.
The sets were also reused, but a new one was built for the Klingon escape pod used by Soong.
It prompted criticism from a committee of performers with disabilities, who felt that it was inappropriate to cast an able-bodied actor in a disabled role.
Clips of this episode are included in the season 4 two-part "Looking Back" episode.
"Employee of the Month" is the thirtieth episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and the fourth episode of the show's third season.
The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company in the United States on April 8, 1999.
"Rendezvous" features the meeting of the characters, Michael Scofield and Sara Tancredi, for the first time in the second season.
It was made available on BBC iPlayer and YouTube on 14 November 2013, as part of the BBC One lead-up to the show's 50th anniversary special.
In the episode, Ross, Joey, and Chandler go on a ride-along with Gary, Phoebe's new boyfriend.
The episode guest stars Donald Faison as Baby-Snaps.
In one life, Kate is a successful investment banker, while in the other she is a cocaine addict.
This is commanded by Captain Adelaide Brooke who turns out to be a pivotal character in the history of humanity.
An estimated 6.33 million viewers watched the episode, and it received a 2.3 ratings share among those 18–49.
Megan struggles to find acting work and asks for Don's help getting an audition for a commercial at the agency to jump start her career.
"One Arrest" is the seventh episode of the first season of the HBO original series, The Wire.
In this Christmas-themed episode, Mulder and Scully stake out a reputed haunted house.
A feature film, The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, was released in theaters on November 19, 2004, and a sequel was released on February 6, 2015.
Chuck must juggle his new relationship with Hannah while at the same time taking on the role of an assassin hired by the Ring.
In this episode, young Molly O'Brien falls into an alien time portal and is rescued ten years older as a feral 18-year-old.
The episode is a "Monster-of-the-Week" story, unconnected to the series' wider mythology.
"Baby, It's Cold Outside" is the 9th episode of the fifth season of the American political thriller television series Scandal.
The episode was directed by Troy Miller and written by Katie Dippold.
The return of Only Fools and Horses was eagerly awaited by fans of the show, which ran from 1981 until 2003.
"Six Minutes" is the thirty-sixth episode of the American television drama series The Killing, which aired on July 28, 2013.
It was originally broadcast in the United States on ABC on April 3, 2011.
In this episode, a toy designer fixated on his childhood days finds that he travels back to those times whenever he revisits his old neighborhood.
The episode was watched by 1.2 million viewers and was very well received by critics, particularly for its writing and Middleton's performance.
819" is the ninth episode of the sixth season of the science fiction television series The X-Files.
It originally aired on October 31, 2004.
Anneke Wills, who played the companion Polly in the original series, features in a short cameo.
"Fly" has been described as "arguably the most polarizing episode in Breaking Bad history".
The episode guest stars Henry Rollins, John Moschitta, Jr, and Mark Hamill.
Both parts were directed by Michael Lembeck.
Marrakesh has the largest traditional market in Morocco, with some 18 souks selling wares ranging from traditional Berber carpets to modern consumer electronics.
Written by Phil Klemmer and directed by Jason Bloom, the episode premiered on The CW on May 22, 2007.
"Dress Big" is the 64th episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.
"Lily" is the nineteenth episode of the fourth season of the American fantasy drama series Once Upon a Time, which aired on April 26, 2015.
It aired on MTV on November 17, 2011, along with "Bathroom Break".
Its title is derived from the famous Franklin D. Roosevelt quote, "The only thing we have to fear is fear itself."
The episode title refers to the coded location of the rendezvous between the protagonist Michael Scofield and a people-smuggler.
It aired in the United States on Fox on December 18, 2009.
"Red Museum" earned a Nielsen household rating of 10.4, being watched by 9.9 million households in its initial broadcast.
In the episode, the crew of the USS Enterprise encounters a "reality jumping" madman.
"There's More Than One of Everything" is the finale of the first season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe.
It aired on April 23, 2015 on ABC in the United States.
According to Nielsen ratings, the episode's original broadcast was watched by 6.25 million viewers and acquired a 1.6/4% share in the 18–49 demographic.
When Dan switches off his voice and purely signs, he is simultaneously "voiced" by a company member.
It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, sharing continuity with the films of the franchise.
One of the accused, Ram Singh, died in police custody from possible suicide on 11 March 2013 in the Tihar Jail.
While looking for him, the others learn that the trees of the planet are about to be melted down with acid rain for energy.
"Scorpion" introduced the Borg drone Seven of Nine and Species 8472 to the series.
"Aquiel" is the 139th episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, the 13th episode of the sixth season.
The Waldo Moment is the third episode of the second series of British science fiction anthology series Black Mirror.
It first aired on 23 April 1999, during the fifth season.
"False Profits" is the 47th episode of Star Trek: Voyager, the fifth episode of the third season.
The episode was written and directed by series co-creator Ian Brennan, and first aired on January 23, 2015 on Fox in the United States.
In the episode, Stewie becomes a star in a commercial for peanut butter to help the Griffins who are struggling financially.
The episode was directed by William Waring who directed two other episodes for the series.
"The Man Behind the Curtain" is the 20th episode of the 3rd season of Lost, and the 69th episode overall.
It was directed by Beth McCarthy-Miller, and written by co-show runner and executive producer Robert Carlock.
It is the 17th episode overall and was broadcast between the second and third series.
Ms. Crabtree leaves to seek help, but forgets about the children when she meets a truckdriver named Marcus.
Most of the humor in the episode relies on religious satire.
In this episode, Mulder and Scully investigate several killings blamed on an Asian dog called the Wanshang Dhole, thought to be extinct.
The episode focuses on the character of JJ Jones, who has Asperger syndrome, and his confusion about his life and his desire to be normal.
"A Quality of Mercy" is episode 80 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone, which originally aired on December 29, 1961.
The episode was written by Carlton Cuse and Drew Goddard and directed by Jack Bender.
"Rich" is the second episode of the sixth series of the British teen drama Skins.
The Miracle on 34th Street is the Christmas episode of the American anthology television series The 20th Century Fox Hour.
In this episode, Mulder and Scully investigate a series of murders in which the heart has been removed from the victims.
"O Come, All Ye Faithful" is the ninth episode of The Vampire Diaries's fourth season, premiering December 13, 2012 on The CW.
The episode was broadcast by CBS on September 20, 2006 to approximately 11.66 million viewers.
It originally aired on December 3, 2003.
In this episode, Jake tries to fulfill a bizarre lifelong ambition of being a brick inside a shack as it collapses.
It originally aired on Fox in the United States on December 13, 2009.
Many scenes were filmed on location in Los Angeles, California.
The episode is written by Dan Nowak and directed by Nicole Kassell.
According to Nielsen ratings, the episode ranked as the number one telecast of the day among all boy demographics aged 2–11 and 6–11.
"Underneath" is episode 17 of season 5 in the television show Angel.
The episode was directed by Peter Hammond and written by Roger Marshall and Jeremy Scott.
Matt Smith, who portrayed the Eleventh Doctor, announced his departure from Doctor Who in June 2013, which sparked speculation on who would portray the Twelfth Doctor.
"Audition Day" is the fourth episode of the fourth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock, and the 62nd overall episode of the series.
Written and directed by series creator Joss Whedon, it was originally broadcast on February 25, 2004 on the WB television network.
They were also nominated for a British Comedy Award and a Primetime Emmy Award.
The episode was directed by Brannon Braga, written by Ann Druyan and Steven Soter, and featured the voice of Amanda Seyfried as Geologist Marie Tharp.
The episode was the 20th of the third season.
"Valentine's Day in Quahog" is the twelfth episode of the eleventh season and the 200th overall episode of the animated comedy series Family Guy.
It was written by co-creator/executive producer Damon Lindelof and executive producer Carlton Cuse, and directed by executive producer Jack Bender.
"Marry Me a Little" is the 109th episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.
It is named after the 1956 film And God Created Woman.
For her performance in this episode, Krakowski received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination in the category for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series.
"Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow" originally aired on July 18, 2001 on Comedy Central.
However, the episode continued Chuck's steady decline in viewership, drawing 4.03 million viewers, a series low.
After Peter runs to the bathroom and tackles most of the people in his way, Brady hires him for the New England Patriots.
In this episode, Kate arrests mobster and murder suspect, Little Tony Papazian, whose Wolfram & Hart lawyer coerces Kate's department into attending sensitivity training.
"Mysterion Rises" is the twelfth episode of the fourteenth season of animated television series South Park, and the 207th episode of the series overall..
NBC heavily promoted the finale, and the main cast members appeared on The Oprah Winfrey Show and The Today Show to bid farewell.
Finally, all the members of the office gather at Poor Richard's Pub and watch the airing of the official in-series documentary.
The two universes began to clash in 1985, after Dr. Walter Bishop stole the parallel universe version of his son, Peter, following his own son's death.
The Rise of Miss Power is the first official movie, and is also the sixth season's four-part episodes of the animated television show WordGirl.
References to the cartoons Super Friends and Teen Titans appear in the episode.
According to Nielsen ratings, "Mecha-Streisand" was seen by 5.4 million viewers, a record high viewership for a South Park episode at the time.
It is the 30th episode in the series, which aired on November 8, 2007.
Meanwhile, Todd Packer returns to the office to get back at them for his firing a year prior.
In 2012, Jerry Seinfeld admitted that this is his least favorite episode, saying the stroke patient storyline made him feel uncomfortable.
The 243rd episode of the series overall, it first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on November 6, 2013.
"The Recombination Hypothesis" was directed by Mark Cendrowski.
"Grace" is the fourth episode of the first season of the TNT science fiction drama Falling Skies, which originally aired July 3, 2011.
At the island's camp, Hugo "Hurley" Reyes creates a golf course in an attempt to relieve the survivors' stress and worry.
"Human Error" is the 164th episode of the TV series Star Trek: Voyager, the 18th episode of the seventh season.
Completion of long-distance calls was time-consuming and costly as each call was handled by multiple operators in multiple cities.
According to Nielsen Media Research, "Pilot" was watched by 6.77 million households in its original airing.
"Model Spy" is the 14th episode of Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons, a British 1960s Supermarionation television series co-created by Gerry and Sylvia Anderson.
"Bloodletting" was well received by television critics, who praised the character development in the episode.
At the same time, Jack O'Neill stops the recruiting process for SG-1 leaving Samantha Carter as the new leader of SG-1 throughout season 8.
He soon receives a call from Flame Princess, reaffirming their relationship.
It is episode #29, production #29, and was broadcast April 13, 1967.
Their engagement causes Ted to think about marriage and finding his soul mate, much to the disgust of his self-appointed best friend Barney Stinson.
In the episode, Brian is sentenced to community service and must look after a cranky, elderly woman.
"Stewie Goes for a Drive" is the fourth episode of the tenth season of the animated comedy series Family Guy.
"Dead Man on Campus" was originally aired on November 21, 2013, on The CW.
It is the last episode written by series creator/host Rod Serling.
The episode was written by Aisha Muharrar and directed by Rob Schrab.
The character of John Locke is featured in the episode's flashbacks.
This was the third episode for the eighth season.
In the United Kingdom it aired via E4 from October 2, 2009 weekdays at 7:30pm.
"Riding in Town Cars With Boys" is the tenth episode of season 5 of the TV series Gossip Girl.
The game is considered an early example of the Metroidvania genre.
"The Slicer" is the 163rd episode of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld.
"After Hours" is an episode from the dramedy series Ugly Betty, which aired November 9, 2006.
It first aired on November 11, 2010 in the United States.
A subplot follows Sayid Jarrah and Desmond Hume on board the Kahana, where they learn more about the freighter's mission and find somebody they once knew.
In this episode, trying to solve the Waynes' murder, Gordon allies with ADA Harvey Dent while also investigating corruption in Gotham.
In the episode, Britta is led to believe that one member of the group is a psychopath and is determined to find out who it is.
The Notre Dame Fighting Irish are the athletic teams that represent the University of Notre Dame.
"MILF Island" is the eleventh episode of NBC's second season of 30 Rock and thirty-second episode overall.
"Homecoming" is the ninth episode of the first season of the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes.
Meanwhile, Jim struggles to keep hold of a lucrative contract extension, but Dwight makes the sale for himself.
It was written by series creator Jon Bokenkamp and was directed by Joe Carnahan.
"The Quality of Mercy" is an episode from the first season of the science fiction television series Babylon 5.
It originally aired on Cartoon Network on April 30, 2012.
No scenes are set at the prison, with the exception being the short pre-title introduction.
The episode is the first episode in the first season, and the first episode in the complete series.
With O'Neill being the new leader of Stargate Command, Lt. Col. Samantha Carter has assumed O'Neill's old position as leader of the SG-1 unit.
"Good Cop Bad Dog" received positive reviews from critics with many praising Ty Burrell's performance.
The situation at the prison worsens, as the virus infects more inhabitants, and the survivors try to figure out how to deal with the situation.
When Burt Hummel has a heart attack, the glee club rally around his son Kurt, attempting to support the Hummels through their various faiths.
"Casa Bonita" is the eleventh episode of the seventh season of the American animated television series South Park, and the 107th episode of the series overall.
"Basic Intergluteal Numismatics" is the third episode of the fifth season of Community and the 87th episode overall.
Written by Ryan Murphy and directed by Brad Falchuk, it aired on Fox in the United States on September 13, 2012.
"Homecoming Out" is the second episode of the MTV's comedy series Faking It.
A subplot involves Stewie, who becomes infatuated with Bonnie's daughter Susie.
Set in the 22nd century, the series follows the adventures of the first Starfleet starship Enterprise, registration NX-01.
"New Directions" is the thirteenth episode of the fifth season of the American musical television series Glee, and the one-hundred-first episode overall.
"Patient X" was a story milestone for the series.
"Death on the Rock" subsequently became the first individual documentary to be the subject of an independent inquiry, in which it was largely vindicated.
It was the first episode of series 3, and was first broadcast on 10 November 1983.
It originally aired on ABC on 1 December 1962.
NBC liked it and commissioned a complete script, which was submitted in March 1994.
The episode introduces a new regular cast member to the series, Odette Annable, who plays Dr. Jessica Adams.
"Sanguinarium" is the sixth episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files.
When Martha is kidnapped, the Doctor races to find her before she enters the dangerous "fast lane".
Passaic is the tenth most densely populated municipality in the entire United States with 22,000+ people per square mile.
It also was the first episode to use Jonathan Wolff's title music.
It premiered on the Fox network on November 29, 1996.
It was aired on April 10, 2013.
It was written by Dennis Putman Bailey and David Bischoff with uncredited work by Lisa Putman White.
Due to licensing restrictions, the character of the Doctor does not actually appear, nor do any other characters from the series.
The episode has generally received positive reviews, with critics commenting on its storylines.
The Atlantic named it one of the best television episodes of 2015.
The episode was written by Jerry Collins and directed by Michael Spiller.
The episode was written by Jeffrey Bell, and directed by Vincent Misiano.
The episode's story was written by Nick Wauters, the teleplay by Julie Plec and Caroline Dries and it was directed by J. Miller Tobin.
Meanwhile, Angela takes matters into her own hands when Dwight refuses to honor their prenatal contract.
"Arkham" is the fourth episode of the television series Gotham.
It first aired on 6 August 1999, during the fifth season.
The anthology was born out of Masters of Horror and shares several of the same creative elements.
Immortal Clay is the sixteenth episode of the second series of the 1960s cult British spy-fi television series The Avengers, starring Patrick Macnee and Honor Blackman.
Katie refuses to leave home, recovering from being hit in the head with a rock, and faces her weakening control over her sister.
"Raisins" was released on DVD along with the rest of the seventh season in 2006, and it is currently available for streaming on Hulu.
To keep secret Volkoff's true identity, the CIA sends its "toughest" agent, Clyde Decker, to stop Chuck.
It is the 13th episode of the second season.
"Tested" is the sixteenth episode of the fifth season of the American musical television series Glee, and the 104th episode overall.
Other subplots include that of Agent Mahone, Bellick, T-Bag, C-Note and Haywire.
agents as they get caught in an Asgardian fight.
"Free Family Portrait Studio" was written and directed by B. J. Novak, who also wrote and directed the season premiere "The List".
It originally aired on June 13, 2000.
Meanwhile, NBC page Kenneth Parcell learns that Tracy Jordan has never celebrated his birthday and asks Jenna Maroney to share her birthday celebration with Tracy.
The affair from 1894 to 1906 divided France deeply and lastingly into two opposing camps: the pro-Army, mostly Catholic "anti-Dreyfusards" and the anticlerical, pro-republican Dreyfusards.
"Safe" featured guest starring performances from Harris, Chance Kelly, James Frain, and Michael Cerveris.
It originally aired on July 7, 2002.
In 2007, Benjamin Linus is forced by Ilana Verdansky to dig his own grave as a consequence of an uncovered lie.
"I'm An Adult Now" is the first episode of the first season of the science fiction drama television series The Listener.
It was written by series creator and executive producer Matthew Weiner and directed by executive producer Scott Hornbacher.
The series depicts the adventures of Veronica Mars as she deals with life as a high school student while moonlighting as a private detective.
Entertainment and news website Geek.com included A Race Through Dark Places as "essential watching" for season two.
This also includes Jay and Gloria's attempt to avoid thanksgiving with their family and Lily, keeping Mitchell and Cameron occupied.
The episode is told from the point of view of character Franky Fitzgerald.
Emily suffers from a tumorous infection and subsequently dies.
The episode name is a Latin term referring to something essential that cannot be done without.
It was directed by cast member Robert Duncan McNeil.
In the episode, the town of South Park holds a festival known as "Cow Days".
In this episode, Jim Halpert returns from jury duty and Dwight Schrute questions him on every detail of his case.
Michael deals with a kidnapping in the "green reality", and a murder in the "red reality".
"The Lich" is the twenty-sixth episode and season finale of the fourth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time.
Thompson makes a deal to supply alcohol to four gangsters, including Arnold Rothstein who agrees to use his own men to transport the alcohol.
Meanwhile, Ron braces himself for the arrival of his first ex-wife, "Tammy I".
It premiered on Nickelodeon on August 20, 2010 at 8:00 p.m.
"In Which We Meet Mr. Jones" is the seventh episode of the first season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe.
The episode garnered a number of awards and nominations, including three Primetime Emmy Awards nominations and a Directors Guild of America Award nomination.
Written by co-creators Joss Whedon and David Greenwalt and directed by Whedon, it was originally broadcast on October 5, 1999 on the WB network.
Don runs into an ex-lover and cannot seem to escape her presence.
This version is the one released on DVD.
"Nightcrawlers" is the third and final segment of the fourth episode of the first season of the television series The Twilight Zone.
Upon airing, the episode received 3.36 million viewers and received mixed to positive reviews.
"Reptar on Ice" continued Rugrats' employment of the character Reptar, a satirical parody of Godzilla.
When Scotty falls ill, Peter and Lois take him to the hospital, in which his parents disagree due to their religious beliefs.
Guest stars in "A Chorus Lie" include Matt Damon, Leslie Jordan, Patrick Kerr and real life members of the Gay Men's Chorus of Los Angeles.
Lawrence Tierney, who previously appeared in film noir movies in the 1940s, guest stars as Cyrus Redblock.
The episode was written by Angela Nissel and directed by Michael Spiller who also has a small cameo appearance.
Episodes varied in length from 50 minutes to 120 minutes.
It was written by series creators Marcelo Adnet and Marcius Melhem, and directed by Maurício Farias.
The episode is written by Christopher Silber and directed by Arvin Brown, and was seen by 18.99 million viewers.
The episode received mostly positive reviews from critics, although elements of the script, as well as The Smoking Man's motives, were criticized.
Guest cast is Odessa Cleveland as Ginger, Patrick Adiarte as Ho-Jon, Timothy Brown as Spearchucker Jones, John Orchard Capt.
It was directed by Beth McCarthy-Miller, and written by Vali Chandrasekaran.
Reviews were positive, praising the writing and the cliffhanger ending.
The episode was filmed in October 2008.
"Broadway Bro Down" is the eleventh episode of the fifteenth season of the American animated television series South Park, and the 220th episode overall.
Initially, the series was to replace Family Guy after its cancellation but it was revived after the pilot episode aired.
For its visual effects, the series premiere won a Gemini Award, and a further Leo and Emmy nominations.
It was written by Andre and Maria Jacquemetton and directed by Andrew Bernstein.
The episode is written by Wendy Riss and is directed by Ed Bianchi.
"...Ye Who Enter Here" originally aired on ABC on December 2, 2014, and according to Nielsen Media Research, was watched by 5.36 million viewers.
"It's Coming" is the ninth episode of the third season of the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes and forty-third episode overall.
"Theef" was written in a short amount of time during the show's Christmas break after another script was dropped by the series.
This story was the last to feature Sarah Jane Smith and the Doctor together onscreen.
Kenny is wrestling with the weight of his own super power through his alter-ego, Mysterion.
"The Girl Who Waited" featured little of the Doctor, due to multiple episodes being filmed at the same time.
The programme's executive producer Russell T Davies, who conceived the idea while researching for Casanova, described the episode as a love story for the Doctor.
Einstein carries a mysterious liquid which changes Einstein into an Ood.
"Mugged" is the third episode of the HBO comedy series Flight of the Conchords.
"Hiros" is the fifth episode of the first season of the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes.
Meanwhile, Violet and Vivien accustom themselves to their new living arrangements, Constance raises Tate's child as her own and a new family buys the house.
It premiered on September 18, 2002, and aired its final episode on May 21, 2003
The season was directed by Pamela Fryman and produced by Bays & Thomas Productions and 20th Century Fox Television.
The episode was the first time that Pam Beesly had a different hairstyle.
"The One After Vegas" is the sixth season premiere of the American television situation comedy Friends, which was broadcast on NBC on September 23, 1999.
"One Giant Leap" is the third episode of the first season of the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes.
"Enemies" is the Season 5 premiere episode of the science fiction television series Stargate SG-1.
The episode was written by Owen Ellickson.
The episode was written by Henry Alonso Myers and Kristin Newman, and directed by Peter Lauer.
This was the second episode for the ninth and final season.
The Twilight Zone is a revival of Rod Serling's original 1959–64 television series.
"Major Fred C. Dobbs" is the title of episode #22 of the first season of the TV series M*A*S*H. It originally aired on March 11, 1973.
In his solitude Greer relives memories of his abusive father.
The episode aired in the United States on November 23, 1997, on the Fox network.
This episode originally aired on ABC on April 18, 2012.
This episode featured cover versions of seven songs, including a cover of "Born This Way" by Lady Gaga.
Thought the crew had a lot on their minds before?"
It first aired on Fox in the United States on September 17, 2009 to generally positive reviews.
The episode title is based on the song "I'm a Little Bit Country" by Marty Cooper, as made famous by Donny and Marie Osmond.
"6955 kHz" is the sixth episode of the third season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe.
Jack Shephard's plan to change the future is met with resistance from others, while John Locke assigns Benjamin Linus a difficult task.
The episode features four original songs recorded for the series.
An episode centered on Betty had been promised by the crew at San Diego Comic-Con International in 2012.
It was edited from the pilot, Solo, which was shot in colour, but was broadcast in black-and-white, to conform with the rest of the first season.
Six characters receive top billing in the episode: Casey McCall; Dan Rydell; Dana Whitaker; Isaac Jaffe; Natalie Hurley and Jeremy Goodwin; Elliot, Chris, Will and Gordon.
Mitchell and Cameron disagree on whether they should go sight-seeing or not since Mitchell wants to but Cameron just wants to have fun.
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the crew of the Federation starship Enterprise.
"Acts of Terror" is the forty-sixth episode and the eleventh episode of the third season of the television series The Twilight Zone.
Record keeping was also more complex, as the duration of every toll call had to be manually recorded for billing purposes.
Part one is written by Daniel Chun and directed by Seth Gordon, while part two is written by Charlie Grandy and directed by Harold Ramis.
"Smoke Gets in Your Eyes" is the eighth episode of the first season of the American police drama television series Homicide: Life on the Street.
"Who Would Win" is the twenty-first episode of the fourth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time.
"Beyond This Earthly Realm" received moderately positive critical reviews, with Oliver Sava of The A.V.
"Metamorphosis" is a second season episode of the American science fiction television series, Star Trek, first broadcast on November 10, 1967, and repeated July 19, 1968.
20th Century Fox had plans to promote Gentle as its new dashing red-head, but the right type of roles to offer her did not materialize.
It was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC Two on August 28, 1995.
But after falling in love with Lieutenant Anne Nored, the Vendorian saves the Enterprise and Kirk agrees to take his actions into account.
The Wall Street Journal's Raymund Flandez described "Mash-Up" as a "turning point" for Glee, praising the episode for its character development.
is the seventh episode of the seventh season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock, and the 132nd overall episode of the series.
The episode's plot is based on the Iranian Embassy Siege in 1980.
Various scenes in the episode were removed by broadcast censors, including one musical number.
Liz Lemon struggles to keep the cast and crew happy, so together with Tracy, she throws a party on a yacht.
The episode was co-written by Christy Snell and Terry Mulroy, while Brian K. Roberts directed.
It was written by André Bormanis and Michael Sussman, and was directed by Michael Grossman; his first episode of Star Trek.
"Glitter" is the ninth episode of the sixth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother, and the 121st episode overall.
It introduces Mark Pellegrino as Paul Bennett.
It is the only episode of the series directed by Mike Vejar, who went on to direct episodes of Deep Space Nine, Voyager and Enterprise.
Branded is the eleventh episode of the third series of the British comedy series Dad's Army.
"Halloween" received mostly positive reviews from critics.
"I Know What You Did Last Summer" was originally aired on October 3, 2013, on The CW.
It first aired on 7 May 1999, during the fifth season.
The episode received positive reviews from critics, who agreed that the episode showed significant improvement over the show's third season.
According to Nielsen ratings, it was watched by 2.9 million viewers.
Originally set to air in May, "Cause and Effect" first aired in the United States on March 12, 2010.
The idea for Jan and Michael to have a romantic relationship was conceived by Steve Carell as far back as the filming of the pilot episode.
It premiered on the Fox network on April 18, 1997.
"Last Gasp" received a fairly negative critical response; in retrospect, Shearsmith claimed that "people hated" the episode.
The musical format, along with other more subtle elements in the episode is a parody of the Fox television series Glee.
The episode aired on April 23, 2012.
Written by Matthew Hodgson and directed by Adam Shankman, it aired on Fox in the United States on December 13, 2012.
Following the events of "Operation Time", in this episode Spectrum unveils two defences that it has developed against the Mysterons.
"A Special Edition" is an episode of The Outer Limits television show.
"Welcome to Winfield" is the first segment of the seventeenth episode from the first season of the television series The Twilight Zone.
In this episode, Stan's nemesis Gideon tries burglary into the Mystery Shack to steal the deed of the property from the safe.
Seth MacFarlane was initially approached by Kevin Reilly, the president of the entertainment division of Fox, with the idea of a crossover.
Set in the 22nd century, the series follows the adventures of the first Starfleet starship Enterprise, registration NX-01.
"Pilot" is the premiere episode of the American science fiction drama Eureka.
"Dude, We're Getting the Band Back Together" is the 22nd aired episode of the American animated television series Phineas and Ferb.
The episode also guest stars Madlyn Rhue as Lt. Marla McGivers, who becomes romantically involved with Khan.
The 246th episode of the series overall, it premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on December 4, 2013.
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work.
When a mystic smuggles himself out of India, Scully and Doggett give chase as his murderous spree starts terrorising two families in suburban Washington, D.C.
The Marrakesh Street Circuit hosts the World Touring Car Championship, Auto GP and FIA Formula Two Championship races.
The episode contained several cultural references, with many alluding to the actual Olympic games.
"Pavor Nocturnus" is the fifth episode of the second season of Canadian television series Sanctuary, and is the 18th episode overall.
It included songs and animated segments, and enjoyed a certain amount of success and popularity during its time.
While some praised the horror, some noted that the story was very simplistic, and critics disagreed about the redesigned Silurians.
The "Fondue for Two" segments were a favorite of reviewers, and were developed from an idea by one of the show's fans.
Pat is played by Shearsmith, while Carol, a recovering alcoholic who is Pat's wife and Angela's sister, is played by Lorraine Ashbourne.
Meanwhile, John Locke and the group continue to initiate their plan, but must do it quickly, especially due to the deteriorating health of Charlotte Lewis.
"The Deprogrammers" is an episode of The Outer Limits television series.
It was written by consulting producer Brent Forrester and directed by Ken Whittingham.
Eventually, she learns the identity of the Hearst serial rapist and puts herself in danger to catch him.
"Part 1" first aired on May 18, 1999 and "Part 2" first aired on July 13, 1999.
Growing more jealous of Gabe and Erin's relationship, Andy Bernard goes to extremes in order to impress her.
"Hay Fever" is an episode of the BBC sitcom, The Green Green Grass.
The episode's story focuses on couple Nikki Fernandez and Paulo.
The storyline serves as a rumination and commentary on racism and classism, even when they come from the best of intentions.
Meanwhile, Big Mike's old football friend Jimmy Butterman comes to work at the Buy More.
It originally aired on Sunday May 1, 2005.
The episode was written by Abraham Higginbotham & Jeffrey Richman and directed by Fred Goss.
The episode featured guest performances by Andy Kindler, Ron Lynch, and Sam Seder.
His brain patterns and those of a football hooligan are transposed and he turns into an ape-like Arsenal supporter to comic effect.
It was written by series creator and showrunner Noah Hawley and directed by Randall Einhorn.
It was directed by Rob Bowman and the framework sequences were filmed over the course of three days.
This episode received an Emmy Award nomination in 2008 for "Outstanding Directing For A Comedy Series".
The episode was written by Brett Mahoney and directed by Marcos Siega.
It was originally broadcast on Comedy Central in the United States on October 10, 2007.
"Islanded in a Stream of Stars" is the twentieth episode in the fourth season of the reimagined Battlestar Galactica.
Meanwhile, April's feelings for Andy continue to bloom, while Ann appears to be growing apart from Mark.
"The Weight" is the 43rd episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and the fourth episode of the show's fourth season.
The episode serves as a coda to the fourth season instead of a climax, as Whedon wanted to achieve something different for a season finale.
The episode marks the first appearance of Mose, Dwight's Amish cousin, played by writer Mike Schur.
In 1915, Maulbetsch underwent surgery for appendicitis and did not perform to the same level as he had in 1914.
The episode stars Matt Smith as the Eleventh Doctor and Jenna-Louise Coleman as Clara Oswald.
It premiered on the Fox network on December 13, 1998.
It originally aired on November 22, 2009 on HBO.
The episode was received well critically, winning two out of three Emmy awards for which it was nominated.
"Dead Woman's Shoes" is the first segment of the ninth episode from the first season of the television series The Twilight Zone.
It adapts the rope-climbing scene from "Volume 14, "Issue #81" of the comic book series.
"Sleeping Dogs Lie" is an episode of the BBC sitcom, Only Fools and Horses.
It received mostly positive reviews from critics, though many commented on the complicated nature of the plot and whether some aspects made sense.
According to Nielsen ratings, the episode was watched by 8.21 million viewers.
It was written by Becky Mode and directed by Tricia Brock.
"Manhattan Vigil" is the fifth episode of the fourteenth season of the American police procedural Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, and the 300th overall.
The episode was written by Danny Zuker and directed by Jason Winer.
Its broadcast took place on the Fox network, and according to Nielsen Media Research, an estimated 4.8 million viewers tuned in.
"Jaynestown" is the seventh episode of the science fiction television series Firefly created by Joss Whedon.
"Foreign Affairs" is the 17th episode of the ninth season of the animated comedy series Family Guy.
McGavin was requested for the part especially by Chris Carter and had been approached to play various characters on the series before.
House treats a patient with sickle cell trait, while dealing with the effects of his burgeoning relationship with Lisa Cuddy on his work.
It originally aired on Cartoon Network on March 17, 2014.
When Liz cannot find a date to her ex-boyfriend's wedding, she revisits her old boyfriends in hope that a spark will reignite.
Directed by Marita Grabiak and written by Lynne E. Litt, the episode was the first to reveal the backstory of Claire Littleton.
The episode first aired on October 19, 2006, even though it was scheduled to air October 26, 2006.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files.
"Business School" is the seventeenth episode of the third season of the American comedy television series The Office, and the show's forty-fifth episode overall.
It was first aired on December 29, 2010.
"Exposed" is the eighteenth episode of the third season of the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes and fifty-second episode overall.
Others were more complimentary of the episode's subplots.
The episode aired in the United States on April 13, 1997 on the Fox network.
Despite positive reviews, however, the episode saw season lows of 0.9/3 in the 18-49 rating/share demo and 2.50 million American viewers.
Written by John Schulian and directed by Bruce Seth Green, it first aired in the United States on May 8, 1995.
"Elevator Love Letter" is the nineteenth episode of the fifth season of the American television medical drama, Grey's Anatomy and the show's 97th episode overall.
It originally aired on ABC on 23 March 1963.
"The Big Deal" is an episode of the TV anthology series The Philco-Goodyear Television Playhouse written by Paddy Chayefsky.
The episode premiered on Disney Channel on June 15, 2012, airing immediately after the premiere of the Disney Channel Original Movie Let It Shine.
The production was filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, to date the only episode of Doctor Who filmed in Canada.
The episode aired on October 30, 1997.
Set in the 22nd century, the series follows the adventures of the first Starfleet starship Enterprise, registration NX-01.
Series producers tried to get Lennie Weinrib, the actor who had voiced him in the original cartoon segments, to make a guest appearance in the episode.
The episode is considered to be lost.
"Finger" is the fifth episode of the third series of British television sitcom, Bottom.
It was written by the show's visual effect designer Mat Beck, and directed by Rob Bowman.
The serial's production was beset by problems caused by industrial action taken by electricians at the BBC during filming.
3D Na'Tee has been featured on several national media outlets such as MTV, The Source Magazine, XXL Magazine, The Fader Magazine, RapRadar and RapRehab.
Originally designed to be the first of a two-part season finale, the show's creators decided to end the season in cliffhanger fashion.
It aired in the United States on NBC on January 20, 2011.
"Red Faced" is the sixth episode in the first season of the CBS television series Supergirl, which aired on November 30, 2015.
She knows Skinner is the killer and must ride with him to find Adrian.
Tessa's hopes go awry when Raul attempts to rape her.
The historical period and context avoids science fiction elements beyond establishing the way by which the Doctor and his companions have travelled to the past.
Coleman also wrote Rainbow Walker for Synapse.
"Improbable" contains several elaborate effects, such as a cityscape rendered to look like Reynolds' head.
It was directed by Kim Manners, and written by Frank Spotnitz and series creator Chris Carter.
The episode was written by Kevin Williamson and Julie Plec and directed by J. Miller Tobin.
"The Feud" is the 15th episode of the fifth season of the American sitcom Modern Family, and the series' 111th overall.
The episode premiered in the United States on NBC on November 11, 2013.
The Penguin Goes Straight is the 21st episode of the Batman television series, first airing on ABC March 23, 1966.
Buffy must contend with vampire cowboys the Gorch brothers and the bezoar, a prehistoric parasite.
The episode took inspiration from multiple science fiction films, and bears similarity to The Martian, which was released close to the episode's airing.
It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, sharing continuity with the films of the franchise.
What they discover is a man made of metal, enacting vengeance on those he believes created him.
"Saved By the Great White Hope" is the first episode of the ABC series Off the Map.
The premiere of the episode was promoted with branded MetroCards that were handed out to teenagers in Manhattan.
It originally aired on FX in the United States on April 17, 2013.
"Back in Business" is the 91st episode of the ABC television series Desperate Housewives.
James "Sawyer" Ford and Juliet Burke are interrogated by the DHARMA Initiative.
"Gina Zanetakos" is the sixth episode of the first season of the American crime drama The Blacklist.
"Snow Falls" received generally positive reviews from television critics, with several calling it an indication that the series was improving over time.
Written by Aaron Shure and directed by Danny Leiner, the episode aired on NBC in the United States on November 18, 2010.
The final episode received a largely positive response, with reviewers praising it for its sentimental, bittersweet way of concluding the show.
It began airing on June 5, 2008 on NBC.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files.
"Crawl Space" originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 16, 2011.
"Lost and Found" is the second segment of the twenty-eighth episode of the second season of the television series The Twilight Zone.
The series depicts the adventures of Veronica Mars as she deals with life as a high school student while moonlighting as a private detective.
It originally aired on Showtime on November 11, 2012.
It originally aired on September 22, 2010 in the United States on ABC.
"Look into Their Eyes and You See What They Know" is the 106th episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.
Common to paper clips proper is their utilization of torsion and elasticity in the wire, and friction between wire and paper.
The episode was written by Glen Morgan and James Wong and directed by Thomas J. Wright.
Meanwhile, Perry the Platypus is told a similar yet connected story concerning Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz's Victorian ancestor, who transformed himself into a monster.
The episode received a Nielsen rating of 7.3 and was viewed by 11.8 million viewers.
It was first broadcast on BBC One on 14 June 2008.
"Many, Many Monkeys" is an episode of the television series The Twilight Zone, first broadcast in 1989.
According to Nielsen ratings, it was viewed in 7.38 million homes in its original airing.
"Knives" is an episode from the second season of the science fiction television series Babylon 5.
More exhaustive timelines are available in both Star Trek reference works and on various fan websites.
Live-action filming took place Friday 15 March 1974 through Monday 1 April 1974.
"The Calzone" is the 130th episode of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld.
"Extreme Prejudice" is the first episode of the tenth season of the American police procedural drama NCIS, and the 211th episode overall.
It was aired on July 10, 2014.
According to some sources, the current phrasing of the quotation didn't appear until 7 years after Emerson died.
The episode was written by Lauren LeFranc and Rafe Judkins, and directed by David Solomon.
Johnny Otis was an American singer, musician, composer, arranger, bandleader, talent scout, disc jockey, record producer, television show host, artist, author, journalist, minister, and impresario.
It is the 10th episode of the seventh season.
"I Am the Night—Color Me Black" is episode 146 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone.
The plot line from this episode was continued in the sixth season episode "Ship in a Bottle".
Teri Hatcher submitted this episode for consideration on her behalf in the category of “Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series” at the 2007 Emmy Awards.
It originally aired on April 26, 2010.
"Petergeist" is the 26th episode from season four of Fox animated series Family Guy.
As of April 2015 it is still in production.
The episode earned a Nielsen household rating of 5.1 and was viewed by 7.8 million viewers in its initial broadcast.
The episode received positive reviews from television critics.
Novak told Daniels about the trip, and Daniels then proceeded to write an episode about it.
It aired on Monday, October 25, 2010 on the CW.
The webcast attracted the largest online audience watching a streaming media event, with the website receiving almost two million visits and 650,000 streams.
It features the guest performances of Chris Cox, Ralph Garman, Mike Henry, Jane Lynch, Rachael MacFarlane, Denis Martell, Mark Peredes, and Fred Willard.
Despite the mixed reviews, the show appeared on several television best lists, including Time Magazine and Chicago Tribune.
In addition, several compilation DVDs that contained episodes from the season have been released.
The name of the episode is a reference to the previous one, which ends with Willow saying "One down" after killing Warren.
This episode continues a three-episode arc depicting Brian's death, replacement and resurrection.
"Dish and Dishonesty" is the first episode of the third series of the BBC sitcom Blackadder.
Brendon resents McGuirk for this and expresses his outrage throughout the episode.
"Thanksgiving" is the tenth episode of the horror black comedy series Scream Queens.
The episode marked the series writing debut of Blum and Deay, and the second episode in the series which Schrab directed.
Written by series creator Rob Thomas and directed by John T. Kretchmer, the episode premiered on The CW on October 3, 2006.
During the writing process, Moore included references to Seinfeld and The Great Escape.
A Place in the World is the second episode of the fifth and final series of the period drama Upstairs, Downstairs.
The episode was written by Norm Hiscock and directed by Wendey Stanzler.
Friends was produced by Bright/Kauffman/Crane Productions, in association with Warner Bros. Television.
It aired originally on the Sci Fi Channel on September 23, 2005.
"The Refuge" is an episode of The Outer Limits television series.
It was written by staff writer Meg Jackson and directed by Brian Kirk.
"Dr. Linus" is the seventh episode of the sixth season of ABC's drama television series Lost.
"The Schizoid Man" is a television episode of the British science fiction-allegorical series, The Prisoner.
The kiss between the two was rehearsed and filmed "many, many, many times", according to B. J. Novak.
"The Chute" is the name of the 45th episode of Star Trek: Voyager, the third episode of the third season.
"The Emerald City" is the tenth episode of the first season of the HBO television series Boardwalk Empire, which aired on HBO November 21, 2010.
"The Electric Boy" is the tenth episode of the American documentary television series Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey.
It premiered on Fox in the United States on November 8, 2009.
It was written by series creator and executive producer Matthew Weiner and writer Frank Pierson, and directed by main cast member John Slattery.
Acting as a sequel to "Modern Warfare" from the first season, Dean Pelton once again announces plans for a game of paintball.
Originally aired on March 3, 2014, this broadcast was seen by more than one million viewers.
Bubblegum eventually defeats Ricardio in hand-to-hand combat, and saves the day.
"The Pitch" is the 43rd episode of the sitcom Seinfeld.
In this episode, Emma Swan suspects Mr. Gold is planning to seek vigilante justice when a cat burglar robs his house.
It was voted #6 of the "10 South Park episodes that changed the world".
Set in the 22nd century, the series follows the adventures of the first Starfleet starship, Enterprise, registration NX-01.
The episode was directed by James Hill and written by Brian Clemens.
This was the first episode of the fourth season.
It is the 12th episode of the first season of Chuck, and aired alongside "Chuck Versus the Marlin" to close out the season.
It is the first episode of a two-part story written by showrunner Steven Moffat and directed by Adam Smith; the second episode was "Flesh and Stone".
It was written by Chip Johannessen, directed by Rob Bowman, and featured guest appearances by Nick Chinlund.
"Authority Always Wins" is the second episode of the fifth season of HBO's television series True Blood and 50th episode overall.
It originally aired on September 28, 2008, in the United States on ABC.
"Plan B" is the eighteenth episode of the fifth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock, and the 98th overall episode of the series.
"The Master Plan" marked the end of the romantic relationship between Ann and Mark, which allowed for the eventual departure of Schneider from the series.
Merle Dixon, who was previously seen physically in season 1 and as an hallucination in season 2, returns in this episode as a series regular.
to take out a dangerous new weapon.
"The Practical Joker" is the third episode of the second season of the American animated science fiction television series Star Trek, the 19th episode overall.
It is the 15th episode of the fifth season.
The 28th episode of the series overall, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on October 28, 1998.
The episode served as both an introduction to the now common practice of season-ending cliffhangers and the beginning of an eight-month international media frenzy.
In this capacity he became known as "Mr Privatisation".
Concerto is the twenty-fourth episode of the third series of the 1960s cult British spy-fi television series The Avengers, starring Patrick Macnee and Honor Blackman.
It was partly inspired by Star Wars, and transitions from the spaghetti western theme in part one.
It premiered on Fox in the United States on March 22, 2009.
The episode received a favorable review from The A.V.
The episode was written by Bill Wrubel and directed by Victor Nelli, Jr.
It originally aired on FX in the United States on March 6, 2013.
Psych-Out is a 1968 counterculture-era psychedelic film about hippies, psychedelic music, and recreational drugs, produced and released by American International Pictures.
Her cramps go away, which drives Stan to prove his daughter wrong and that she should take his advice.
The episode was directed by Lee Daniels and written by Lee Daniels and Danny Strong.
It is the eleventh episode of the show's fifth season.
"Redux", being a part of a three-part episode arc, became a storyline milestone for the series.
In this episode, Mulder is assigned a new partner, Alex Krycek.
It was produced by Robert K. Weiss.
The episode is partly set in the 51st century.
"The Letter" is the 38th episode of the sitcom Seinfeld.
The episode received mixed to negative reviews, with several critics calling it the worst episode of The X-Files.
It first aired on BBC One in the United Kingdom on 4 June 2002, on a Tuesday; the other first series episodes aired on Mondays.
The episode originally aired on NBC in the United States on March 15, 2012.
"Circle of Friends" is the seventh episode of the first season for the television series Dexter.
Graham Roland and Matthew Pitts co-wrote the episode, while Dennis Smith directed.
Hayes, the voice of staple character Chef, asked to be released from his contract shortly before the start of the tenth season.
After months of hurdles, Bombshell's opening night is here.
The episode was premiered at the fan-run not-for-profit UK convention "Delta Quadrant" held at the Britannia Hotel in Birmingham City Centre in August 1996.
It was written by Steve Hely and was directed by executive producer B. J. Novak.
The Twilight Zone is a revival of Rod Serling's original 1959–64 television series.
"Bad Dreams" is the 11th episode of the second season of the HBO original series, The Wire.
The episode was watched in just under a million homes in its original airing in the United Kingdom.
The three soon discover that the boy's imagination can bring killer bug-like creatures to life.
Several highlighted inaccuracies and implausibilities in the storyline, including the lack of fire alarms and sprinklers in the pub.
Chief of Operations O'Brien is recruited to save a Bajoran village from destruction.
"Better Call Saul" is the fifth episode of the fifth season of the American television drama series Homeland, and the 53rd episode overall.
The episode received five Emmy Award nominations, winning one of them.
iGo to Japan is a 2008 television movie based on the Nickelodeon TV series iCarly.
They manage to rescue Hera, and in the end, the fleet finds a new planet to settle on, which they come to call Earth.
This twist was further explained and resolved in the season four two-part opener "Storm Front".
Ship of Tears is an episode from the third season of the science-fiction television series Babylon 5.
The episode featured recurring guest stars Helms, Creed Bratton, Rashida Jones, Wayne Wilderson, Mike Bruner, and Ursula Burton.
The episode was watched by 4.44 million viewers and received positive reviews for The Ogre's and Bruce's storyline.
It originally aired on October 23, 2006.
It premiered on the Fox network on March 3, 2002.
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on September 30, 2012.
The episode was written by showrunner Carlton Cuse and supervising producer Elizabeth Sarnoff and was directed by Stephen Williams.
It aired on Fox in the United States on December 6, 2015, and is written by Ted Jessup and directed by Julius Wu.
It was written by Paul Bianchi and Huston Huddleston from a story by Huston Huddleston and Vic Mignogna, and directed by Chris White.
It was written by Paul Brown, directed by Michael Lange, and featured guest appearances by Steve Railsback, Nicholas Lea, Steven Williams and Sheila Larken.
It is the third and final episode in a three-part story arc that won the 2008 Emmy for Outstanding Animated Program for One Hour or More.
The episode received largely positive reviews, and was seen initially by 2.2 million viewers.
The series follows the adventures of the young Clark Kent in the fictional town of Smallville, Kansas, before he becomes Superman.
The episode premiered in the United States on NBC on April 23, 2015.
The episode concerns a confrontation between Brendon Small and local bully Shannon, after Brendon discovers Shannon has been physically harassing his friend Jason.
It originally aired on Fox in the United States on May 3, 2009.
The final shooting script is dated 17 November 1976.
As the title suggests, the plot centres on a game of human chess, directed by a mysterious "man with a stick".
It originally aired in the United States on December 8, 2002, attracting 12.5 million viewers.
It guest stars Henry Winkler, Jay Leno, and Brent Musburger.
"Namaste" is the ninth television episode of the fifth season of ABC's Lost.
"Harvest" is the 14th episode of the second season of the American television show Numb3rs.
At the last minute, however, they relented, and allowed the episode to be aired later on in the season, several weeks after its intended air date.
The Pilot episode was leaked to the Internet the last week of June 2009.
Sam is eventually killed, but is resurrected after Dean sells his soul.
It aired on Fox in the United States on October 4, 2015, and is written by Danny Smith and directed by Steve Robertson.
It aired on May 7, 1998, and was the 20th episode of the ninth and final season.
The episode reintroduced comedian Catherine Tate as Donna Noble, who had previously appeared in "The Runaway Bride".
Robin, however, doesn't want to rush into a relationship and the two decide to be friends.
The episode was written by Matthew Negrete and Channing Powell, and directed by Michael E. Satrazemis, who is the series' director of photography.
It premiered on Nickelodeon June 11, 2011.
It was aired on March 7, 2007.
The episode was written by Mark Hentemann and directed by John Holmquist.
It is the fourth episode from Season 4, and the 69th episode overall.
The episode premiered in the United States on NBC on May 14, 2015.
It originally aired on FX in the United States on February 20, 2013.
The special's narrative follows protagonists Phineas and Ferb decorating their city for the arrival of Santa Claus.
The episodes were written by David Harsent and directed by Reza Moradi, and aired on ITV1 on 24 and 31 August 2010.
"The March to Freedom" is the eighth episode of the first season of the television series Hercules: The Legendary Journeys.
It was first shown on TV on July 15, 2012 and was directed by Dan Attias and written by Alan Ball, creator of the series.
They go swimming at a college pool to celebrate their love.
In this episode, Andy Bernard brags about his discovery that he is related to First Lady Michelle Obama.
"4 Years, 6 Months, 2 Days" is the first episode of the fifth season of the television series One Tree Hill, and eighty-ninth episode in total.
He's been promoting 'Mission: Impossible III' for the last six months.
It first aired on BBC One in the UK on 8 September 2012 and on BBC America on the same date in the United States.
The episode is a "Monster-of-the-Week" story, unconnected to the series' wider mythology.
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the crew of the Federation starship USS Enterprise-D.
It was broadcast by BBC Three and BBC HD on 20 February 2008; it made its terrestrial debut on BBC Two on 27 February.
The episode guest starred David Chisum as Colonel Steven Shay, Spencer and Carly's father.
"Roland" contains the series' first mention of Fox Mulder's father Bill, although the character would not actually make an appearance until the second season episode "Colony".
It was originally broadcast on September 23, 2010 on NBC.
"Publicity" is the twelfth episode of the American television series, Smash.
"The Hard Part" is the twenty-first episode of the first season of the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes.
The V Word is the third episode of the second season of Masters of Horror.
This episode of 30 Rock has received generally positive reviews from television critics.
"The Almost People" ends on a cliffhanger which brings several plot threads of the series to a head.
"Pilot" is the first episode of the American teen drama television series My So-Called Life.
The title is a play on the verb serve, which has a dual meaning of "to assist" and "to provide as a meal".
"Gossip" was nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for best episodic comedy.
The title refers to the paradox in logic known as the paradox of the heap.
"Lord Snow" is the third episode of the HBO medieval fantasy television series Game of Thrones.
It was written by Jason Cahill, directed by Allen Coulter and originally aired on January 16, 2000.
It had the lowest recorded viewership for season 1.
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the crew of the Federation starship Enterprise-D.
"For Whom the Sleigh Bell Tolls" is the eighth episode of the seventh season of American Dad!.
The episode was written by Michael Hitchcock, directed by Barbara Brown, and first aired on February 6, 2015 on Fox in the United States.
The episode was written by Chris Carter and Frank Spotnitz, and directed by Michael Watkins.
Written by Margaret Armen and directed by Dennis Steinmetz, it first aired in the United States on September 21, 1974 on NBC.
"The Fall of Night" is the final episode of the second season of the science fiction television series Babylon 5.
The episode was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program at the 67th Primetime Emmy Awards.
Its title is a play on the title of the famous Ernest Hemingway novel, The Sun Also Rises.
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on January 31, 1993, immediately following Super Bowl XXVII.
In the comics, Freeze first appeared in Batman #121 in February 1959.
It is the fifth episode from Season 4, and the 70th episode overall.
"Drew Cam" is the ninth episode of the fifth season of the American sitcom The Drew Carey Show, and the 110th overall.
"Anonymous Was a Woman" is the fourth episode of the eleventh season of the American police procedural drama NCIS, and the 238th episode overall.
This confused and annoyed many critics, and it remains one of the most controversial finales of all time.
Reluctant to fire on a fellow officer, Picard asks O'Brien to convince his old comrade to surrender peacefully.
Cleveland Brown, voiced by Mike Henry, was a recurring characters on Family Guy, and served as a neighbor to the Griffin family in Quahog.
But when Roger accidentally passes lethal gas in the house, the family moves into a luxury hotel for a week.
This episode first aired in the United States on March 22, 2009.
"Screams of Silence: The Story of Brenda Q" is the third episode of the tenth season of the animated comedy series Family Guy.
Club was critical of the show's increasing focus on rape.
The episode was written by Patrick Meighan and directed by Pete Michels.
Critical response was mostly negative, with criticism directed at the nature of the plot.
Scully, Doggett and Reyes discover that the culprit was apparently a swarm of killer flies hidden in the victim's brain.
The episode guest stars Miguel Ferrer as Death; Ferrer would later reprise his role in the fourth season episode "Sons of Mars".
It guest starred Cesar Romero as the Joker.
"The Apartment" is the fifth episode of the second season of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld and the show's tenth episode overall.
"Naked" is the twelfth episode of the fourth season of the American musical television series Glee, and the seventy-eighth episode overall.
This is a unique episode, in that Detective Nichols and Detective Eames partner together, when usually they are part of separate teams.
Ceccarelli and Brookshier also served as storyboard directors.
David Livingston served as director for the episode;.
The episode revolves around the murder of a Latina maid in Beverly Hills and the introduction of her cadre of associates who are also Latina maids.
The episode; which opens with a quotation from the Christian Gospel of Luke; went on to receive positive reviews from critics.
In this episode Britten investigates the death of a homeless man, Bernard Mackenzie.
"Sky Witch" is the twenty-ninth episode of the fifth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time.
It was written by series creator Marc Cherry and directed by Charles McDougall.
The episode was written by George Pelecanos from a story by David Simon & Ed Burns and was directed by Clement Virgo.
The series depicts the adventures of Veronica Mars as she deals with life as a high school student while moonlighting as a private detective.
"Cartman's Incredible Gift" is episode 124 of the Comedy Central series South Park.
It originally aired on FX in the United States on March 19, 2014.
The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company network in the United States on November 15, 2012.
"The Name Game" is the tenth episode of the second season of the FX anthology television series American Horror Story.
They marked the beginning of a "new" Stargate SG-1 that continued after the total closure and possible ending of the previous season.
"The Ghost Talks" is the twenty-first episode of the popular 1969 ITC British television series Randall and Hopkirk starring Mike Pratt, Kenneth Cope and Annette Andre.
The book featured in this episode, Pawnee: The Greatest Town in America, is available for sale online and in book stores.
When Zoe Barnes makes her resources available, she becomes one of their pawns.
It was anchored by Harry Reasoner with reportage by George Crile.
In 2013, TV Guide ranked Family Guy the ninth Greatest TV Cartoon of All Time.
First, Jeff defends Britta when she is accused of cheating on a Spanish test.
The two cannot believe it and run to Mama Krabs to tell on him.
The episode was directed by Peter Hammond and written by Eric Paice.
The episode was well received by critics and fans alike, gaining 23.5 million viewers in its premiere.
The episode was written by Heather Bellson and directed by Julius Ramsay.
Mulder believes in paranormal phenomena, while the skeptical Scully attempts to discredit them.
Upon the conclusion of their month-long morning marathon of The Hills, titled "RetroMTV Brunch", MTV aired an alternate ending to the series on August 9, 2013.
The episode received mixed reviews from television critics – reviewers thought it was an improvement from the previous episode but faulted it for containing plot contrivances.
In the episode, Del is suffering from stomach cramps, but refuses to see a doctor.
It first aired in the United States on October 11, 2007 on NBC.
For her performance in this episode, Jane Krakowski received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination in the category for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series.
"Act of Contrition" is the fourth episode of the reimagined Battlestar Galactica television series.
"Dwight's Speech" is the seventeenth episode of the second season of the American comedy television series The Office, and the show's twenty-third episode overall.
"Whoever Did This" is the forty-eighth episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and is the ninth of the show's fourth season.
It has been retrospectively considered a classic episode of the series.
"Seeds" originally aired on ABC on January 14, 2014, and according to Nielsen Media Research, was watched by 6.37 million viewers.
The episode was written by series one and two head writer Chris Chibnall, directed by Mark Everest and produced by Sophie Fante and Richard Stokes.
Facing demons of his own, Owen becomes embroiled in the fightclub-like subculture of which Lynch is a part.
It was broadcast on February 28, 2008, on ABC in the United States and on CTV in Canada.
In Braavos, Arya Stark, detours from her mission given by Jaqen H'ghar to reconnoiter Meryn Trant instead.
The episode was watched by 2.51 million viewers and received mixed reviews from critics.
Humphrey Bogart won his only Oscar for his portrayal of Charlie Allnut in The African Queen.
The episode premiered on Comedy Central on October 14, 2015.
It is the first part of a two-part story, followed by "The Satan Pit".
Andy would marry Helen Crump in the first episode of the spin-off series, Mayberry RFD.
Since the 16th century they have been widely used in sermons on Good Friday, and entire books have been written on theological analysis of them.
"Teliko" is the third episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files.
The performances were met with mixed reception from critics.
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work.
Regular Show is an American animated comedy television series created by J. G. Quintel for Cartoon Network.
The Final Decision is an episode from season 1 of the animated TV series X-Men Animated Series.
"United" is the 13th episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Enterprise and the 89th episode overall.
The episode was directed by Stephen Williams and written by Javier Grillo-Marxuach.
It touches on Robin uncovering who killed his family and how he first met and joined forces with Batman.
The episode received moderately positive reviews with many commenting that it proved the series could survive without Carell.
The concept of "The Long Game" was originally submitted by Davies to the Doctor Who script office in the 1980s.
It premiered on September 18, 2002, and aired its final episode on May 21, 2003
Guest actress Orla Brady returned to reprise the role of Elizabeth, while Chandler Canterbury, Karley Scott Collins, and Chris Bradford made their first guest appearances.
It received mixed reviews from critics for its storyline and cultural references.
The title comes from the teaching of the adulterous Woman in the Gospel of John.
The 189th overall episode of the series, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on October 7, 2009.
In doing so, he is re-crippled, and he makes amends with his friends.
In 2013, fans voted "Cartman's Mom Is Still a Dirty Slut" as the best episode of season two.
"Hollywood A.D." is the nineteenth episode of the seventh season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files.
In this episode Dr. Whale has to face his fears with helping people, while flashbacks show Victor Frankenstein bringing his brother back from the dead.
This episode was expanded to become the first half of a full-length novel by science-fiction author Alan Dean Foster as Star Trek Log Ten.
The episode, serving as the fourth-season finale and the winter finale, was broadcast on March 18, 2014.
The episode was written by Nora Smith and directed by Wes Archer.
The episode marked the first appearance of recurring guest actor Cheech Marin.
Doakes's death, according to Dexter's writers, was premeditated from the show's pilot episode because the character was "too good to not kill".
It marks the first appearance of all five main characters in the series, and also guest stars Brian Patrick Wade as Kurt.
This was the 12th episode for the sixth season.
On 10 May 2010 the SyFy Channel announced that it had secured the rights to Randall & Hopkirk and were looking to develop a pilot.
"Driver Ed" is the second episode of the second season of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars, and the twenty-fourth episode overall.
Tormé disliked the final version of the episode, and the critical response to the episode was mixed, with the performance of Barrett both praised and criticised.
He and Kenny journey to Butters' homeland for his coming of age ceremony.
As such the group head to Tucson, where the Rossum Headquarters is, to take down the mainframe.
"Movin' Out" was released onto DVD along with five other episodes from the season on October 21, 2008.
In the episode one of Lucas North's former interrogators, FSB officer Oleg Darshavin, approaches Lucas regarding an upcoming terrorist attack.
It was first screened on 15 September 2006, as the first episode of series two.
Holder suspects a cop has committed all the murders.
Meanwhile, Stewie attempts to train for the Olympics, despite discouraging comments from Brian.
"A Brown Thanksgiving" is the seventh episode of The Cleveland Show.
It originally aired on ABC on 24 November 1962.
"Amour Fou" is the thirty-eighth episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and is the twelfth of the show's third season.
Jerry's friend George Costanza once had a terrible date with Leslie and intends to confront her at the shower.
The episode was originally the final episode to air due to show's cancellation, but the show was revived by AMC in early 2013.
The episode was directed by Brad Falchuk, and was written by Falchuk with co-creators Ryan Murphy, and Ian Brennan.
The episodes aired on the U.S. Sci Fi Channel and SPACE in Canada respectively on March 13 and March 20, 2009.
"Blood" was inspired by writer Glen Morgan's own hematophobia as well as controversy over malathion spraying in Southern California.
Mr. Hankey does not come alive in the presence of other characters, so they think that Kyle is delusional.
The episode sees the glee club attempt to recruit new members by performing Salt-n-Pepa's "Push It" in a school assembly.
"Dealer's Choice" is the third segment of the eighth episode of the first season of the television series The Twilight Zone.
"Chuck Versus the Mask" is the seventh episode of the third season of Chuck which originally aired February 8, 2010.
It serves as the 24th and 25th episodes of the ninth season, and the 200th and 201st episodes of the series overall.
"Disconnect" is the thirty-fourth episode of the American television series Prison Break and is the twelfth episode of its second season.
"Dark Hollow" is the seventh episode of the third season of the American fantasy drama series Once Upon a Time, and the show's 51st episode overall.
is the 18th episode of the Batman television series, first airing on ABC March 10, 1966.
The episode was first broadcast on BBC One on 2 June 2007.
Steve Boyum directed the episode with teleplay written by series creator Eric Kripke and story written by Eric Gewirtz.
This episode was filmed sixth in the series' production run.
"#HappyHolograms" is the tenth and final episode in the eighteenth season of the American animated television series South Park.
It is the eighth episode of the second season.
The episode focuses on the reaction of the crew to the casting of Tracy Jordan, and the subsequent changes made to The Girlie Show.
Desperate to save their dog, the Griffin family attempts to release Brian, and prevent him from being euthanized.
On its initial airing on May 13, 2010, an estimated 5.99 million viewers watched part one.
The series depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton, Pennsylvania, branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company.
In the episode, Will files a police report after his laptop computer is stolen.
The episode was filmed on a lower budget, and MacRae decided to make the main sets all white in colour.
In the episode, Daniel Faraday returns to the island in order to warn its inhabitants of a catastrophe involving the Dharma Initiative research station, The Swan.
The episode features the introduction of special guest star Sarah Jessica Parker as Isabelle Wright of Vogue.com.
It was the second episode to be produced, and first aired on 16 December 1963, during the first season.
"Goodbyeee", or "Plan F: Goodbyeee", is the sixth and final episode of the British historical sitcom Blackadder's fourth series, entitled Blackadder Goes Forth.
"Jackie Jormp-Jomp" received generally positive reception from television critics.
Only the third episode is held in the BBC archives, and the other three remain missing.
It was edited into two individual episodes when released on DVD.
"Welcome Party" was written by Steve Hely and directed by series regular Ed Helms, who portrays Andy Bernard.
"The F Word" received generally mixed reviews, with commentators differing on the success behind the episode's underlying message.
Shawn realizes where the money is, and tells the woman, who he later discovers is actually the criminal mastermind.
It was written by D. C. Fontana, based on a story by Michael Halperin.
"Family" is the twenty-first episode of the third season of House, and the sixty-seventh episode overall.
"Stunning and Brave" is the first episode in the nineteenth season of the American animated television series South Park.
The episode itself focused on common elements of ufology, with a setting reminiscent of Area 51 and Nellis Air Force Base.
"Callie and Her Sister" includes a homage to the horror film The Omen, along with other minor allusions to Rosemary's Baby and The Shining.
Principal filming for "Vienen" was carried out at three locations: an oil platform, an oil refinery, and on a specially-created set.
It first aired on E4 in the UK on 5 March 2012.
The episode aired at 8/7C, with the second episode, "Racing Like a Pro", airing straight after.
The order is suspended after Gaius Baltar discovers that the fetus's blood can cure Roslin's cancer, which it does.
"Me and My Town" is the 96th episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.
It is the fourteenth episode of the show's fifth season and aired on February 8, 2009.
It was first broadcast on 8 October 1992.
"Then I Really Got Scared" is the 155th episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.
The episode was well received, with approximately 1.5 million viewers when airing.
The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company network in the United States on March 25, 2010.
The episode received positive reviews, praising the creepiness of the villain.
"Armageddon Game" is the 33rd episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine.
It also features Neve McIntosh, Catrin Stewart, and Dan Starkey reprising their roles as Madame Vastra, Jenny Flint, and Strax.
Wil Wheaton appeared as Wesley Crusher, replacing the initial plan to include Tasha Yar, after Braga was concerned about copying "Yesterday's Enterprise".
The episode was written and directed by series co-creator Trey Parker.
"The Sorcerer's Apprentice" is a seventh-season episode of Alfred Hitchcock Presents made in the summer of 1961 that has never been broadcast on network television.
Its initial running time was 1 hour and 15 minutes.
It has been listed as one of the greatest series finales in television history by numerous publications.
Meanwhile, Hayley tries to move on from Jeff being sent into outer space and agrees to go out on a date with Snot.
Written by Kia Corthron from a story by Ed Burns & Kia Corthron, and directed by Alex Zakrzewski, it originally aired on November 12, 2006.
The episode features the final appearance of Lindsey Broad and guest stars Georgia Engel.
The episode was written by Jesse Stern and directed by Michael Weatherly, and was seen by 19.21 million viewers.
"Piper Maru" is one of those which helped to explore the series' overarching mythology.
It first aired on January 27, 2008.
"'Covenant" is the sixteenth episode of the first season of the American crime-thriller television series Millennium.
It originally aired on October 2, 2001 on NBC.
Live-action filming took place Monday 22 April 1974 through Thursday 9 May 1974, with one day of second-unit filming on 22 July 1974.
Candice Bergen guest stars as Murphy Brown, the title character from the eponymous sitcom.
"The Chicken Roaster" is the 142nd episode of the sitcom Seinfeld.
Written by Russel Friend and Garrett Lerner and directed by Eric Stoltz, it aired on Fox in the United States on March 21, 2013.
"Canary" is the fourteenth episode of the tenth season of the American police procedural drama NCIS, and the 224th episode overall.
"Dying Changes Everything" is the first episode of the fifth season of House and the eighty-seventh episode overall.
The episode was written by Tom Devanney and directed by Pete Michels.
The episode sees Boone Carlyle experience a vision quest, believing his stepsister Shannon to be dead.
However, the BBC decided not to transmit the pilot, but instead commissioned a series of three 90-minute episodes.
The episode was written by Alex Carter and directed by Jerry Langford, their firsts for the Family Guy series.
It is the 20th episode of the second season.
"The Moms" is the twentieth episode of the fourth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock, and the 78th overall episode of the series.
The episodes originally aired on February 7 and 14, 1993, and were written by Randy Rogel and directed by Dick Sebast.
Carter rewrote portions of King's final draft, resulting in a shared writing credit for the entry.
A number of Moroccan football clubs are located here, including Najm de Marrakech, KAC Marrakech, Mouloudia de Marrakech and Chez Ali Club de Marrakech.
In this episode, Roy Anderson tries to attack Jim Halpert for kissing Pam Beesly on Casino Night, only to be pepper-sprayed by Dwight Schrute.
The episode is written by Nicole Mirante-Matthews and directed by Leslie Libman, and was seen by 21.03 million viewers.
The episode contains several other connections to the films, including the use of archive footage from The First Avenger.
It was broadcast on ABC during the 1960–1961 television season.
Meanwhile, Scully pursues the man who she believes killed her sister.
Various intrigues and troubles arise with Mac's brother Terrence and imaginary friend Duchess.
It originally aired on the AMC channel in the United States on April 15, 2012.
It also introduces the rest of her traveling performers and the murderous clown known as Twisty.
"Mind's Eye" was inspired by the concept of "remote viewing", or being able to see events beyond the range of normal vision.
Tierney's performance as Elaine's father was praised by the cast and crew.
"Trust No 1" is the sixth episode of the ninth season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files.
Club and IndieWire applauding the episodes for being both an excellent season premiere, as well as being refreshing and creative.
Emily decides to investigate the suicide of Sophia Morton, the girl who killed herself in the first episode, suspecting Naomi cheated on her with Sophia.
In this episode, Joe buys a "synth" for his family, to his wife's horror.
This serial is notable for introducing Clyde Langer into the cast - he would remain for the rest of the series.
"Monday" is the fourteenth episode of the sixth season of the science fiction television series The X-Files.
The episode's title is a reference to the film of the same name, released in 1981.
It originally aired on CBS in the United States on November 5, 2013.
In this episode, Sam's former teammate, Tom—portrayed by Alan Autry—reveals his homosexuality and Sam slowly becomes supportive of him.
It first aired on November 20, 1991.
The events in this episode were continued in the sixth season episode "Something Big".
"Trapper Keeper" is the twelfth episode of the fourth season of the animated television series South Park, and the 60th episode of the series overall.
Some critics identified ostensible plot holes, though felt that the episode's emotional successes negated these.
A sequel, How to Train Your Dragon 2, was released on June 13, 2014, with Deblois writing and directing by himself.
It features the Doctor and his companions Amy Pond and Rory Williams.
H. Jon Benjamin received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Voice-Over Performance for his performance as Archer in the episode.
This episode marks the second appearance of Carol, Lois's sister.
It was seen by over five million viewers after its original broadcast, and was given generally positive reviews.
It received generally positive reviews, as many critics praised the writers' decision to focus on Peter in a new location.
It first aired on 8 May 2008 on E4 and had 305,000 viewers.
"Career Day" is the 21st episode of the fourth season of the American sitcom Modern Family, and the series' 93rd episode overall.
It first aired on September 19, 2011.
Director Rob Bowman was originally slated to direct the episode, but filming issues resulted in Carter directing it.
House and team struggle to diagnose a young girl whose cancer is not causing her more immediate symptoms.
The episode premiered in the United States on NBC on September 29, 2014.
The compiled story was broadcast on 30 June 2007, coinciding with the finale of Series 3.
Meanwhile, Bruce is getting closer to the truth about his father's office.
Glazer had written different versions of Magic City for years.
Morgan and Wong attempted to create a version of the earlier episode "Beyond the Sea", this time centered on Duchovny's character Mulder.
"Family Business" is the 69th episode of the television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the 23rd episode of the third season.
This was the first episode written after the 2007-08 Writers' Strike.
Jennings further alleged that a fourth current official has been involved in ticket touting.
The initial broadcast of "Pilot" was watched by approximately seven million viewers, making it the 62nd-most-watched show of the week.
"Killer Whale" is the twenty-sixth episode of the second series of the 1960s cult British spy-fi television series The Avengers, starring Patrick Macnee and Honor Blackman.
In this episode, Mulder and Scully hear, and promptly investigate, a story about an alien abduction of two teenagers.
However, when the spell is cast, not everything goes as planned.
According to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was seen by 10.83 million household viewers, a drop from the previous episode "See No Evil".
The episode explores the Earth's magnetic field and the contributions of Michael Faraday, which paved the way for high technology and light-speed communication.
"Ragtag" originally aired on ABC on May 6, 2014, and according to Nielsen Media Research, was watched by 5.37 million viewers.
The episode was written by Tom Needham, directed by Sylvie Boden and produced by Susan Mather and Donna Wiffen.
The episode was written by J. J. Philbin and was directed by Paul Edwards.
The episode was written by Shion Takeuchi, Mark Rizzo, Josh Weinstein, Jeff Rowe, and Hirsch, and directed by Stephen Sandoval.
The incident and its aftermath hindered his chances of ever becoming President.
It originally aired on Fox in the United States on February 7, 2002.
The episode was written by Clark Perry and it was directed by Allan Kroeker.
"Double Date" is the 9th episode of the sixth season of the U.S. comedy series The Office and the show's 109th episode overall.
"The Lost Worlds of Planet Earth" is the ninth episode of the American documentary television series Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey.
The episode was originally broadcast on the American Broadcasting Company in the United States on October 8, 2009.
The episode won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Sound Mixing for a Comedy or Drama Series and Animation at the 2015 ceremony.
"Not Cancer" is the second episode of the fifth season of House and the eighty-eighth episode overall.
"The Routine" is the pilot and first episode of the HBO prison drama television series Oz.
"Come Fly with Me" is the third episode of the first season of the ABC sitcom Modern Family and the third episode of the series overall.
The episode won an Annie Award for "Writing in an Animated Television Production."
The pilot episode of Sabrina the Teenage Witch is the first episode of the series.
A majority of the episode was filmed in Pasadena, California.
"Will Gets a Girlfriend" is the fourth episode of the first series of The Inbetweeners.
The film was adapted by Justin Hopper from the short story, first published in Ghost Stories of an Antiquary in 1904.
The episode was written by showrunner/executive producer Warren Leight and Julie Martin and was directed by Norberto Barba.
The episode features a parody of the TV show, Queer Eye for the Straight Guy.
Set in the 24th century, Star Trek: The Next Generation follows the adventures of the crew aboard the Starfleet Starship Enterprise-D.
They get separated from each other; SpongeBob, Patrick, and Squidward find themselves stranded on a remote tropical island.
In the episode, two men, one a cerebral nerd and the other a gorgeous hunk, capture the attention of Liz Lemon and Jenna Maroney.
The episode was directed by Peter Hammond and written by Brian Clemens.
In this episode, a young successor to Number 2 plots to assassinate the retiring Number 2 and ensure his own success.
The episode originally aired on NBC in the United States on December 7, 2011.
"Unafraid of the Dark" is the thirteenth and final episode of the American documentary television series Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey and its series finale.
The episode was watched by 6.04 million viewers and received generally positive reviews, praising character development but criticizing the pace.
Girls Just Wanna Have Fun is also the title of a multipath adventure game by Slingshot Entertainment which is based upon this episode.
Louise Ellison, a New-York Tribune reporter, arrives in town to witness it all.
The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company network in the United States on March 8, 2012.
The episode stars Pemberton, Shearsmith, Julie Hesmondhalgh, Mark Benton, Jessica Gunning, Jack Whitehall and George Glaves.
The episode was written by Mike Barker and Matt Weitzman and directed by Bert Ring.
"English as a Second Language" is the 24th episode of the first season of the American comedy television series Community.
The screenplay was written by Anthony Terpiloff; the director was Charles Crichton.
The episode was written by Abraham Higginbotham and directed by Gail Mancuso.
The episode was directed by Jack Bender and written by David Fury.
Meanwhile, a team led by Captain Jonathan Archer has infiltrated the Xindi weapon while it is en route to Earth.
The two are saved thanks to an FBI rescue team led by Walter Skinner.
"Childhood's End" is the 6th episode of the first season of the military science fiction television series Stargate Atlantis.
However, these installments feature a mirror universe Jonathan Archer and evil counterparts of the normal characters, who serve the cruel and militaristic Terran Empire.
The episode was watched by 28.74 million people on its original air date, making it the most watched episode of Two and a Half Men.
Although Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, and the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work, the two have developed a deep friendship.
It was screened on 5 March 2009, as the last episode of the fourth series and the last episode of the entire programme.
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on February 10, 2011.
"Elaan of Troyius" is a third season episode of the American science fiction television series, Star Trek, and was broadcast December 20, 1968.
While the group contemplates on what to do, Daryl Dixon continues to search for Sophia Peletier.
Ratings success by these movies led to the commissioning of a weekly series for the 1977–1978 season.
"Five Characters in Search of an Exit" is episode 79 of the television anthology series The Twilight Zone.
In addition, critics have pointed out that the story is a satire on the media.
The other storylines had mixed to positive reviews, as many critics deemed the Bieber-related subplot the strongest.
"Rivals" is the 31st episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine.
In this episode, Fletcher and Blanco make a plan to get revenge on Norris for stealing Blanco's things.
The episode was written by Jeffrey Richman and directed by Michael Spiller.
"Friend or Foe" received positive reviews upon release.
This episode was directed by Anthony Agrusa and written by Kevin Biggins and Travis Bowe.
After many failed attempts at capturing some Pokémon, Ash throws a rock at a Spearow, which gets angry and starts attacking him and Pikachu.
"Deadalive" is the fifteenth episode of the eighth season of the science fiction television series The X-Files.
The story was created by Chuck Lorre, Eric Kaplan and Steve Holland, and turned into a teleplay by Steven Molaro, Jim Reynolds, and Maria Ferrari.
Serena van der Woodsen returns from her European vacation a celebrity but finds herself facing other troubles when Carter Baizen follows her.
The episode was directed by Kim Mills and written by Richard Lucas.
The series premiered online on March 24, 2012 and on Nickelodeon on April 14, 2012, as a sequel to the original series, Avatar: The Last Airbender.
"The Crossing" is the forty-fourth episode of the television series Star Trek: Enterprise, the eighteenth of the second season.
It was also nominated for an American Cinema Editors Award.
According to Nielsen ratings, it was viewed in 7.68 million homes in its original airing.
The episode is a "Monster-of-the-Week" story, unconnected to the series' wider mythology, or overarching fictional history.
The episode was written and storyboarded by Adam Muto and Rebecca Sugar, from a story by Mark Banker, Patrick McHale, Kent Osborne, and Pendleton Ward.
It aired for one season on the UPN network, with actor Forest Whitaker assuming Serling's role as narrator and on-screen host.
"Anasazi" is part of a three-episode storyline, with the plot carrying on in the third season episodes "The Blessing Way" and "Paper Clip".
The finale's narrative recounts what happens when Peter is taken back to the Other Side by his real father, dubbed "Walternate".
"Chainsaw" is the third episode of the horror black comedy series Scream Queens.
The episode was filmed in November 2004 at St Paul's Church and streets in Cardiff.
"Nice She Ain’t" is the 52nd episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.
"Wet Hot Demonic Summer" is the second season premiere of the American animated television series Ugly Americans, and the fifteenth overall episode of the series.
Tortoises are particularly popular for sale as pets but Barbary macaques and snakes can also be seen.
Mark Saul, Jesse Williams, and Nora Zehetner returned as guest stars, while Faran Tahir made his only appearance.
It was released free to watch on the official Big Finish YouTube channel on 31 August 2010.
"Provenance" is the ninth episode of the ninth season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files.
Breckin Meyer guest starred as an artist who has an unexplained visual problem.
"Food Chain" is the seventh episode of the sixth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time.
It is the second episode of the show’s fourth season and aired on October 7, 2007.
After a sexual encounter one evening with a neighbor, he becomes obsessed with wanting to repeat the experience.
The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company network in the United States on January 26, 2012.
"Nevermind the Buttocks" is the nineteenth episode of the second season of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars, and the forty-first episode overall.
"Second Sight" is the 29th episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine.
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the crew of the Federation starship USS Enterprise-D.
The episode was Horton's first script for the series, and saw the return of villain Lucy Butler, who appeared sporadically throughout the series.
Season three of Enterprise features an ongoing story following an attack on Earth by previously unknown aliens called the Xindi.
"The Wrath of Con" is the fourth episode of the first season of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars.
"First Day" is the pilot episode of The Inbetweeners which aired on 1 May 2008 on E4.
"What More Can I Give" was played on the radio for the first time in late 2002.
It was written by writer and co-executive producer Steve Franks, and was directed by Jeff Melman, his only work on the show.
In this episode, Veronica helps a football player, Kurt Fenstermacher retrieve his stolen playbook.
An estimated 4.86 million viewers tuned in, contributing to a new ratings low for the series.
"Exploration Earth: The Time Machine" is an episode of the BBC Schools radio drama series Exploration Earth, a series exploring geography.
It aired in the United States on NBC on October 1, 2009.
It was also screened at the 2013 Annecy International Animated Film Festival.
It was first aired on BBC Two on 29 May 1984.
Regarding the casting of this episode, Paul Adelstein does not appear in this episode.
Cooper hits the car Rex is in, incapacitates Tara, and kidnaps Rex.
agents as they work with "Big S.H.I.E.L.D."
"Detour" received a Nielsen rating of 13.2, being watched by 22.8 million viewers, and received mixed reviews from television critics.
However, the deal sours when Hideki double-crosses Stan and Roger and keeps all the royalties for their creation to himself.
"Company Picnic" is the fifth season finale of the American comedy television series The Office, and the 100th overall episode of the series.
The episode was directed by Star Trek: The Next Generation alumnus LeVar Burton, and featured the return of John Colicos as Kor.
Meanwhile, Bruce sets to investigate Wayne Enterprises.
The episode has received praise from television critic Ahsan Haque for its storyline and use of cultural references.
The premiere of "SpongeBob, You're Fired" drew 5.2 million viewers, the biggest audience viewership for a SpongeBob SquarePants episode in two years.
The episode was written by Dahvi Waller and Josh Senter and directed by Larry Shaw.
It is rated as TV-14 and also sold as a DVD.
During the night, a violently windy storm brews and forces the crew into a local cave.
John Carpenter's Cigarette Burns is the eighth episode of the first season of Masters of Horror.
"The Cold Equations" is the fifty-first episode and the sixteenth episode of the third season of the television series The Twilight Zone.
It is the capital city of the mid-southwestern region of Marrakesh-Safi.
Themes such as romance, rape, suicide and terror are prevalent throughout "TS-19".
It was written by Martin Gero, a co-executive producer of Stargate Atlantis.
Damien Trotter appears in the show for the first time in the episode's finale.
The season ended with the "Billy's Bucket List", which was viewed by 2.335 million viewers.
It was written and storyboarded by Ako Castuera and Jesse Moynihan, from a story by Kent Osborne, Pendleton Ward, Jack Pendarvis, Adam Muto, and Moynihan.
Elsewhere, Tracy Jordan stages a one-man show in an attempt to win a Tony Award, as part of his EGOT quest.
The author received the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction for the book in 2015.
The term "coda" is a musical term which refers to a concluding musical section that is formally distinct from the main structure.
It originally aired on 3 March 2000.
It was met with mostly positive reception from television critics, with much of the praise going into the character development of the antagonist.
The rest of the episode's storyline and script were developed in the week preceding its broadcast.
The episode was written by Brian Young and directed by John Dahl.
This episode first aired in the United States on March 1, 2009.
It was written by Christine Lavaf, while Jeannot Szwarc served as director.
It consists of 22 episodes, each running approximately 22 minutes in length.
It was also praised for its ending, which features the first appearance of Terminus, as well as the reunion between Glenn and Maggie.
The 177th episode of the series overall, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on October 22, 2008.
Real-life magician Ricky Jay, who also was Spotnitz's favorite, was brought in to play the part of the titular Maleeni.
"Get the Girl" received mixed reviews by television commentators, with multiple critics criticizing Andy and Erin's romance.
"First Flight" is the fiftieth episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Enterprise, the twenty-fourth episode of the second season.
The episode was written by Barbie Kligman and Gabrielle Stanton and directed by Rick Bota.
The crew of the Enterprise must prevent an alien race from exterminating the mutated crew-members while developing a cure themselves.
The episode was written by Daniel Cerone and was directed by Tony Goldwyn.
It premiered on the Fox network on March 10, 1995.
Angel eventually takes back the scroll but fails to prevent the ritual in time.
The series depicts the adventures of Veronica Mars as she deals with life as a high school student while moonlighting as a private detective.
With Ted being based on Bays and Marshall and Lily based on Thomas and his wife.
"In Ramada Da Vida" was seen by an estimated 11.4 million viewing households, finishing in 11th place in the ratings for the week it aired.
Blue Harvest guest starred Chevy Chase, Beverly D'Angelo, Mick Hucknall, Leslie Nielsen, and Rush Limbaugh.
First airing on May 17, 1990, "Episode 6" was viewed by approximately 17 percent of the available audience during its broadcast.
"The Child" is the first episode of the second season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, the 27th episode overall.
However, their ploy fails and results in hurt feelings.
While attempting to use an ancient relay network to retrieve messages from home, Voyager and crew must contend with the Hirogen who claim ownership of it.
It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, sharing continuity with the films of the franchise.
The visual effects were completed days before the airing of the episodes, while more traditional practical effects were used where possible.
Viewership for "Lovely" suffered because of competition from the 2010 Winter Olympics.
The episode was written and directed by series co-creator Trey Parker, and was rated TV-MA LV in the United States.
The episode earned a Nielsen rating of 4.5 in the 18–49 demographic and was viewed by 8.7 million viewers.
The episode received a nomination at the 2005 VES awards for the Centurions.
The prank angered viewers, and resulted in 2,000 angry e-mail complaints to Comedy Central within a week of the original broadcast.
The two hour long debut version was seen by 21.3 million people in January 1995.
Some praised the guest appearances and believed the episode was funny, while others thought it was juvenile and the dance numbers were "overdone self-indulgence".
In this episode, when Assistant Director Walter Skinner is accused of murdering a prostitute, Mulder and Scully investigate to determine the truth behind what happened.
"Drive" is the 149th episode of Star Trek: Voyager, the third episode of the seventh season.
In addition, the episode is notable because it features the first romantic kiss between Mulder and Scully, described as "inevitable" by one critic.
The episode received positive reviews, with Entertainment Weekly claiming the series appears to have grown more "settled and focused" after this episode.
While there, Cleveland reconnects with an old crush he had in high school, named Donna Tubbs, and immediately finds love, and eventually a new family.
It is the nineteenth episode of the show's seventh season and aired on April 24, 2011.
"The Old Wagon" received positive reviews from critics, with Samantha Zalaznick of The Huffington Post naming the Dunphy's and Phil the best part of the episode.
The first 2 seasons received generally negative reviews but became more positive starting in the third season.
This was the first episode with April Stewart as the bulk of the female characters following Eliza Schneider's departure.
They were released over five days, 27–31 August 2012, on the official Doctor Who website.
The episode's title means "Fox hunt" in Japanese.
The crew must deal with a Pakled starship, which kidnaps Chief Engineer Geordi La Forge, and demands advanced technology in exchange for his safe return.
The plot features FBI Special Agent Seeley Booth and Dr. Temperance Brennan's investigation into a mummified man found inside a wall in a nightclub.
"Searching" is the 150th episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.
It features several of the EastEnders stars of the time.
In the episode, the mystery surrounding the suicide of series narrator Mary Alice Young is resolved.
"Window of Opportunity" is widely regarded as a fan favorite.
The episode got strong reviews from major media publishers worldwide.
"Mute" is an episode of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone.
In this episode, Gordon is assigned in investigating the Arkham escapees, now calling themselves "the Maniax".
The episode features both former companion Martha Jones and the alien Sontarans.
"Pilot" is the pilot episode of the American comedy-drama series Gilmore Girls.
"Leonard Caul" is the nineteenth episode of the second season of the American crime drama The Blacklist.
At the time of its initial broadcast, the episode was watched by 2.75 million people and received mixed to positive reviews from television critics.
Robert Duncan McNeill served as director for the episode.
Musical performances received mixed reviews from critics.
It premiered on the Fox network on October 30, 1998.
"Caesar and Me" is episode 148 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone starring Jackie Cooper as a ventriloquist.
"Whistleblower" is the 26th episode and season finale of the sixth season of the U.S. comedy series: The Office and the show's 126th episode overall.
Cunningham wishes to go public with her relationship with Jack Donaghy.
Rockne S. O'Bannon is a real screenwriter who also wrote this episode.
Her problems with Angel, combined with the anger and distance of her friends and mother, only make things more difficult.
It was the third episode broadcast in the show's third season, and starred Ken Stott in the title role.
"Time's Orphan" is the 148th episode of the syndicated American science fiction television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the 24th episode of the sixth season.
The episode was seen by 7.68 million viewers in the UK and received an Appreciation Index of 86.
The episode was written by Felicia D. Henderson and directed by Michael Fields.
Through Sabrina, he discovers that Shelley, whom he had previously hooked up with, runs a daycare center.
In this episode, Voyager encounters a swarm of space-borne lifeforms, which mistake the vessel for a member of their species.
"The Goldberg Variation" is the sixth episode of the seventh season of the science fiction television series The X-Files.
The season contains 24 episodes and concluded airing on May 18, 1995.
It was co-written by Andrew Chambliss & Ian Goldberg, while being directed by Anthony Hemingway.
Willow is lured by a vampire into a trap.
Episode 4466 of the BBC soap opera EastEnders was broadcast on BBC One on 23 July 2012, between 9pm and 9.30pm.
Family Guy is an American adult animated sitcom created by Seth MacFarlane for the Fox Broadcasting Company.
Dawn has a crush on Spike, who reveals his crush on Buffy when he takes her on a stakeout date.
Manny, Luke and Alex stay home to babysit Lily who asks them if they know how babies are made.
After finding out that Hillary Clinton is scheduled to campaign in town that day, he informs the CIA and does some research.
It is revealed that the gaseous Gelth have entered Cardiff through a Rift, and wish to survive by taking over the corpses.
"House Training" is the 20th episode of the third season of House and the 66th episode overall.
"Queer Eyes, Full Hearts" is the seventh episode of the sixth season of the American sitcom Modern Family, and the series' 127th episode overall.
It aired alongside "Unending", the series finale of Stargate SG-1.
The episode premiered in the United States on NBC on April 28, 2014.
This was the first episode in which the audience saw the Vulcan nerve pinch.
"Manhunt" is the fourth episode of the Supermarionation television series Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons.
On its initial airing it was watched by 8.74 million viewers.
It originally aired in North America on January 13, 2006.
At the same time, Frank Rossitano moves in with Liz Lemon temporarily, and they both decide to make a pact to give up their bad habits.
"A Day in the Strife" is an episode from the third season of the science fiction television series Babylon 5.
The episode aired on Veterans Day and Remembrance Day, as a tribute to all war heroes.
It was based on Bailey and Bichoff's 1975 short story, and subsequent 1979 novel, Tin Woodman.
Days of Wine and Roses was an acclaimed 1958 American teleplay by JP Miller which dramatized the problems of alcoholism.
The episode features a guest appearance from James Marsden as Barry, Cameron and Mitchell's new neighbor.
"The Encounter" is episode 151 of the American television series The Twilight Zone.
Yet her trust in the stranger may place Mulder in even more danger, for the man turns out to be a super soldier.
It originally aired on April 27, 2005, on ABC, between the 20th and 21st episodes of the season.
The episode was written by series co-creator Mark Frost and directed by Lesli Linka Glatter.
"The Rural Juror" is the tenth episode of the first season of 30 Rock.
"Lunarville 7" is the 12th episode of the British Supermarionation television series Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons.
The episode, originally titled "Robin Sparkles", first aired on November 20, 2006.
The episode is told from the point of view of all nine characters of the third generation.
"Prime Suspect" is the 17th episode of the tenth season of the American police procedural drama NCIS, and the 227th episode overall.
It premiered on FOX on February 23, 2015 and was written by Danny Cannon, and directed by Nathan Hope.
The episode received mostly negative reviews from television critics.
"The Full Circle" is the fifteenth episode of the first series of Space: 1999.
"The Immortals" is the eleventh episode of the American documentary television series Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey.
Archer orders a short-living clone of Tripp to be made in order to save Tripp.
Fish" originally aired in the United States on NBC on Thursday September 27, 1984, at 8:00 PM Eastern time.
"Little Bo Bleep" despite the controversy around Lily's plotline, having a toddler cursing, received positive reviews.
Directed by Alik Sakharov and written by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss, it aired on May 5, 2013.
It was directed by Beth McCarthy-Miller, and written by series creator, executive producer and lead actress Tina Fey.
It originally aired on October 7, 2009.
In the 1980s, footage from "Lunarville 7" was re-edited and incorporated into Revenge of the Mysterons from Mars, a Captain Scarlet compilation film.
As of 2015, the media franchise has generated $12 billion in merchandising revenue for Nickelodeon.
The title of the special is derived from the film To Hell and Back.
It was written by Bryan Cogman and directed by Brian Kirk.
The network canceled the segment after criticism from the American Family Association.
In the episode, Michael plots to sabotage Jim's plans after Jim and David Wallace have a secret meeting without him.
Written by Lizzie and Wendy Molyneux, the episode features guest appearances from actors Max Greenfield and Jack McBrayer and comedian Tig Notaro.
"Journey to Regionals" is the twenty-second episode and first season finale of the American television series Glee.
It was written by Dan Fybel and Rich Rinaldi, and directed by Boohwan Lim and Kyounghee Lim.
"Walkabout" was the only episode of the series to feature contributions from either Bole or Tankosic.
Written by John Enbom and directed by Dan Etheridge, the episode premiered on The CW on May 8, 2007.
Meanwhile, Gabe Lewis attempts to court the new warehouse worker, Val.
It originally aired on FX in the United States on March 12, 2014.
The series depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton, Pennsylvania branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company.
"The Cost of Art" is the fourth episode of the American television series, Smash.
"'The Judge" is the fourth episode of the first season of the American crime-thriller television series Millennium.
"Within" was largely well-received by critics, although some fans felt alienated by the addition of Robert Patrick to the cast.
Angel and the rest of the group cope with their new, morally ambiguous lifestyle.
The Beastly Hun is the third episode of the fourth series of the period drama Upstairs, Downstairs.
The episode received positive reviews, and was watched by 9.95 million viewers, according to Nielsen ratings, on the Tuesday night it aired in the United States.
The title refers to the Spanish term of endearment mijo [ˈmi.xo], a contraction of mi hijo.
Smashing Pumpkins frontman Billy Corgan scored this episode.
This episode introduces a new clone, Tony Sawicki, a transgender man whose search for another clone leads him to Sarah's foster brother Felix Dawkins.
The ex-Borg force Chakotay to reactivate a Borg cube, but, in their new-found "Co-operative", the ex-Borg make the cube self-destruct, saving Voyager.
It first aired on 5 October 1975 on ITV.
It originally aired on Cartoon Network on June 18, 2012.
The series has also been nominated for two Annie Awards, as well as three BAFTA Children's Awards.
It became the highest-rated cable telecast of the day, as well as the fourth most-viewed cable program of the week.
After arriving at the store, Pope manages to escape and attacks a nest of sleeping Skitters, attracting the attention of nearby Mechs.
It premiered on Showtime on November 22, 2015.
Reviews of the episode have been generally positive, with many critics writing that Peter's disappearance was a good direction for the series.
Approximately 0.5% to 1.4% of people die by suicide, about 12 per 100,000 persons per year.
It was positively received by television critics, with several focusing on the character development of Angela Martin.
The episode featured the return of Duchovny—following his departure after the eighth season finale—as well as several other recurring characters.
Meanwhile, Liz Lemon and Pete Hornberger get suspicious of Jenna Maroney's new boyfriend.
Whatever It Takes is the sixth episode of the fourth season of House and the seventy-sixth episode overall, which aired on November 6, 2007.
"Belle Femme" is the ninth episode of the first season of the HBO television series Boardwalk Empire, which originally aired on November 14, 2010.
Beginning with this episode, Ed Helms is added to the opening credits.
It was produced and directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera, while the story was crafted by Warren Foster.
The episode was written by Don Whitehead & Holly Henderson and it was directed by John Fawcett.
"The Happy Couple" is the ninth episode of the third season of the CBS sitcom The New Adventures of Old Christine.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files.
In the episode, a love potion goes wrong, creating a virus that begins to infect the entire world population, making everyone fall in love with Morty.
It featured guest appearances by several actors who had appeared in previous episodes, including Susan Yeagley, Alison Becker and Yvans Jourdain.
In the UK, the episode was broadcast on 1 September 2011, on TV channel BBC One.
The study group realize that the game was a scheme by school rivals City College to destroy Greendale's campus.
It marks the return of Mike Logan to the Law & Order franchise; the character appeared in the original Law & Order from 1990 to 1995.
It originally aired on AMC in the United States on November 28, 2010.
It originally aired on October 15, 2009 on NBC.
"Brian & Stewie" is the 17th episode of the eighth season of the American animated television series Family Guy, and 150th episode of the series overall.
Both episodes were directed by Ken Kwapis and written by Mindy Kaling, who also plays Kelly Kapoor in the show.
It is the sixth and last serial of the third series.
The episode received largely positive reviews from critics, with many reviewers looking forward to the "special projects" storyline.
Since airing, the episode has received generally positive reviews from television critics, mostly complimenting Davies's performance.
The episode was written by playwright Julia Cho and consulting producer Jason Cahill, and was directed by Christopher Misiano.
"Chuck Versus the Tic Tac" is the tenth episode of the third season of the television series Chuck, airing on March 15, 2010.
The narrative features Jerry Seinfeld agreeing to attend a birthday party with his ex-girlfriend Elaine Benes.
It is the tenth episode of the first series.
"Human for a Day" is the seventh episode in the first season of the CBS television series Supergirl, which aired on December 7, 2015.
It is the second episode in a three-part arc.
"Homecoming" is the 15th episode of the first season of the ABC's serial drama television series, Lost.
"Trapped in the Closet" is the twelfth episode in the ninth season of the American animated television series South Park.
It originally aired on BBC Three on 1 January 2007, alongside the previous episode, "Captain Jack Harkness".
The episode aired in the United States on October 5, 2012.
The episode was written by series creator Peter Knight and directed by Alex Hardcastle.
It was written by Chris Ruppenthal and directed by David Nutter.
The episode was written by Jennifer Crittenden.
Written by starring actor Chris Colfer and directed by Bradley Buecker, it aired on Fox in the United States on May 6, 2014.
The Bris is the 69th episode of the sitcom Seinfeld.
The episode was watched by 2.40 million viewers and received positive reviews from critics.
The episode introduces guest star Amy Acker as Audrey, who was first mentioned in The Avengers as "the cellist".
Eigenbrodt and the production crew also had to design the robots that appear in the episode.
It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, sharing continuity with the films of the franchise.
It originally aired on NBC on February 24, 1995.
It was written by Wendy Calhoun and directed by Matt Shakman.
This is the first ever episode to feature complete male nudity.
The episode was written by Justin Spitzer and directed by Gene Stupnitsky.
It was written by co-executive producer John Riggi and directed by Adam Bernstein.
The season was directed by Pamela Fryman and produced by Bays & Thomas Productions and 20th Century Fox Television.
It first aired on 16 November 1974 on ITV.
"Brian Does Hollywood" is the second episode of the third season of the animated comedy series Family Guy.
Dwight Schrute helps Pam Halpert with CeCe, much to her husband Jim's chagrin.
"Bad Reputation" is the seventeenth episode of the American television series, Glee.
It aired on April 10, 2012 and had 2.66 million viewers.
After a photo session, Bret develops body image issues and gets some dream advice from his idol, David Bowie.
In this episode, Ford discovers the extent of Bill Cipher's plans, while the Mystery Shack crew forms a plan to fight back and reclaim the town.
Their mutual animosity has been identified as an inversion of typical gender roles, especially in comparison with the male pilot Apollo.
"Knots and Crosses" is a 2007 episode of STV's Rebus television series.
It was written by series creator Theresa Rebeck and directed by Michael Mayer, who also directed the pilot.
It also introduces a new female NCIS agent, Special Agent Erica Jane Barret, as a recurring character on the show.
When his advances are turned down, Spike kidnaps Buffy and Drusilla, who has returned to Sunnydale.
It is one of the few episodes in which Jerry's apartment is not seen.
In the episode, Michael and a few employees go to a high school's job fair to find a summer intern for Dunder Mifflin.
It is written by Steven Moffat and directed by Douglas Mackinnon.
It received mixed reviews from critics for its storyline.
This is one of the few stories without narration.
The episode was written by executive producer Tom Fontana and directed by Martin Campbell.
In the episode, Admiral Helena Cain and Commander William Adama call a truce but plan to assassinate each other.
Fredric March, in his only known portrayal of the role, starred as Ebenezer Scrooge, and Basil Rathbone portrayed Marley's Ghost.
The episode was written by Steve Tompkins and directed by Jim Schumann.
"Jughead" is the third television episode of the fifth season of ABC's Lost.
"Sabotage" is the sixteenth episode of military science fiction television series Stargate Universe.
It first aired on NBC on December 15, 1973, and was written by Larry Niven.
It is the second half of a two-part episode, preceded by "Unwindulax".
The episode lampoons the popularity of Internet Let's Play celebrities and the phenomena of Internet trending topics that lack actual relevance.
"Strange Relations" is an episode from the fifth season of the science-fiction television series Babylon 5.
The episode was written by series creator and showrunner Charlie Brooker and directed by Otto Bathurst; it first aired on Channel 4, on 4 December 2011.
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the crew of the Starfleet starship Enterprise-D.
It originally aired on May 20, 2010 on NBC.
The episode's ratings were naturally good, and so far the episode's ratings are better than all of the other episodes of the season.
The episode features a guest performance by Kanye West.
It originally aired on October 19, 2009.
It premiered on the Fox network on November 22, 1998.
The episode stars Peter Capaldi in his first full episode as the Twelfth Doctor, alongside Jenna Coleman as his companion Clara Oswald.
It was written by Marti Noxon, directed by James Whitmore, Jr., and first broadcast on April 28, 1998.
The series eight premiere is the first episode in the eighth series of the British espionage television series Spooks, and the 65th episode in total.
Originally called "Edina City Limits", the episode's title was changed shortly before it aired.
"The Incident" received positive reviews from the television critics and received a 3.6/10 in the 18-49 demographic according to Nielsen Media Research.
Meanwhile, Beaver proposes a business plan to help Kendall.
Originally aired on November 8, 2005. on FOX network, the episode is written by Steve Blackman and Greg Ball and directed by Jesús Salvador Treviño.
Chuck, Sarah and Casey are shocked to discover that Chuck's girlfriend Jill is a Fulcrum agent in search of the Intersect.
It first aired on November 9, 2005, on ABC.
"Mr. & Mrs. John Sacrimoni Request..." is the seventieth episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and the fifth of the show's sixth season.
According to the Nielsen Media Research, the episode was watched by 7.2 million households during its original broadcast.
"The Freelancer" is the second episode of the first season of the American crime drama The Blacklist.
Dean Munsch goes psycho after the Red Devils attacked her, and Denise becomes the new house mother for Kappa Kappa Tau.
It originally aired on the American Broadcasting Company in the United States on April 29, 2009.
After he had rewritten the script several times, the series was picked up by Fox.
Marrakesh is served by Ménara International Airport and the Marrakesh railway station, which connects the city to Casablanca and northern Morocco.
Lisa Respers France of CNN and Blair Baldwin of Zap2it both received the episode positively.
When they find a group of unprocessed Ood, they become horrified at the alterations performed and resolve to free the Ood.
As a result, people end up committing brutal murders and suicides appropriate to their positions in relation to the pelts whenever around them.
It is a mini-game collection consisting of six Hasbro board games - Battleship, Boggle, Connect Four, Sorry!, Sorry!
The episode was written by co-producer and staff writer Courtney Kemp Agboh and directed by Rod Holcomb.
Aarti Mann continues her recurring role of Priya Koothrappali while Brian George and Alice Amter reprise their roles of Dr. and Mrs. Koothrappali in this episode.
is the fifth episode of the first season of the American animated television series Adventure Time.
It originally aired on January 7, 2015.
"Pilot" was released on DVD along with all twenty other episodes from the first season on September 28, 2010.
Most of the episode deals with the herd invasion in the Alexandria Safe-Zone.
It will finally answer the question that was uttered in The Furious and the Fast, Who Shot J.R.?
The episode received a mostly positive critical response, with Jackson's appearance considered a highlight by many, but also seen as unearned by the episode.
The episode was written by Alex Carter and directed by Julius Wu.
"The Last Rites of Jeff Myrtlebank" is episode 88 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone.
The episode was written by co-executive producer Paul Lieberstein and directed by executive producer Greg Daniels.
The episode was watched by 2.59 million viewers and received mostly positive reviews from critics.
"Episode 4" is the fourth episode of the first series of Humans, a show based on Real Humans and co-produced by Channel 4 and AMC.
"Worlds Apart" first aired on April 27, 2012 in the United States.
Creator Loren Bouchard assigned several female staff members with the task of designing the physical appearances and wardrobes of Boyz 4 Now's members.
"Death Lives" is the sixth episode of the third season of the animated comedy series Family Guy, another episode produced for Season 2.
"The American Dad After School Special" is the second episode of the third season and the twenty-fifth overall episode of the animated comedy series American Dad!
The series ran on Cartoon Network from September 2, 2013 to June 30, 2017.
Meanwhile, Fish Mooney comes face to face with the prison's director.
The episode was watched by 11.70 million US viewers, and was the top scripted show among adults aged 18–49 for the week of broadcast.
Rachel Berry must deal with her childhood home being sold, and Coach Beiste makes a difficult return to McKinley High to begin life as a man.
It is episode #27, production #20, and was broadcast on March 30, 1967.
"The Clean Room" is the seventh episode of the American documentary television series Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey.
Elam and Eva welcome their new baby.
The episode was written by show runner/executive producer Warren Leight and Julie Martin and was directed by Michael Slovis.
"Beaver Gets 'Spelled" is available on DVD.
However, Carol Kane does not reprise her role of Carol.
The episode aired on NBC in the United States on April 12, 2005.
Will's credibility increases in the first series, as he embarks on a short-lived relationship with Charlotte.
"Stopover in a Quiet Town" is episode 150 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone starring Barry Nelson and Nancy Malone.
"Harder, Better, Faster, Browner" is the first episode of the second season of the animated comedy series The Cleveland Show, originally airing on September 26, 2010.
"The Star" is the third and final segment of the thirteenth episode from the first season of the television series The Twilight Zone.
Directed by James L. Conway, it was written by producers Jeri Taylor and Brannon Braga.
With the help of Father Octavian and his militarised clerics, the Doctor, Amy and River Song travel through a stone labyrinth to reach the ship.
"End of the Beginning" originally aired on ABC on April 1, 2014, and according to Nielsen Media Research, was watched by 5.71 million viewers.
The 176th episode of the series overall, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on October 15, 2008.
Russia ultimately won the right to host the FIFA World Cup in 2018, with Qatar emerging victorious for the 2022 tournament.
The raid is later revealed to be a distraction by a rogue faction group.
However, the boys soon find out that being real detectives isn't as fun as they thought.
As of 10 November 2015, 33 episodes have aired.
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on March 24, 1993.
In this episode, Andy Bernard crashes a fundraiser and ends up adopting twelve dogs.
In 1977, Miles Straume and Hugo "Hurley" Reyes deliver a package to a top DHARMA official.
Critics also noted the popular culture references to The Wizard of Oz, Deliverance, and Joseph Merrick.
"Schizogeny" is the ninth episode of the fifth season of the science fiction television series The X-Files.
This was the first episode to feature the animated title sequence designed by Gerald Scarfe, and the theme music composed by Ronnie Hazlehurst.
The episode was originally broadcast on April 23, 2006, and was written by Patrick Meighan and directed by Kurt Dumas.
The five seasons of the series each correspond to one fictional sequential year in the period 2258–2262.
It originally aired on February 25, 2015.
In this episode, Dr. Bashir attempts to help four fellow augments start becoming useful and productive members of society.
The two work to investigate his death, which revolves around shape-shifting technology.
Charlie Pace is featured in the episode's flashbacks.
In this episode, Finn has pleasurable dream which involves Flame Princess and Ice King fighting each other, but he wakes up before he can finish it.
"Time Bomb" is episode 19 of season 5 in the television show Angel.
It originally aired on April 17, 2014 on NBC.
The anthology was born out of Masters of Horror and shares several of the same creative elements.
"Little Green Men" was written specifically as a way for Mulder to question his belief in aliens.
The pilot was directed by Mario Azzopardi.
"White Out" is the second episode of the fourth season of the American fantasy drama series Once Upon a Time, which aired on October 5, 2014.
The episode was the 16th episode for the show's first season.
"The Good Doctor" is a first season episode of the television series Law & Order: Criminal Intent.
"Crying" is the second episode of season 8 and 202nd episode overall of the American animated television series Beavis and Butt-Head.
The episode was written by Sera Gamble and directed by Kim Manners; it was first broadcast on November 15, 2007.
The events of the episode continued in "Conspiracy" and "Samaritan Snare".
"Oh Honey" is the 15th episode of the sixth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother and the 127th episode overall.
"The Tangled Web" is the sixteenth and final episode of the BBC comedy series Yes, Prime Minister and was first broadcast 28 January 1988.
The episode was written by Dana Baratta and it was directed by Liz Friedlander.
Realizing Cutler is an incredible distraction for Pierce and McIntyre, Major Houlihan has her transferred to another unit.
Commander Tucker takes a trip to the ship to help them repair their warp drive.
"The Shroud" is an episode of The Outer Limits television show.
Eric Stonestreet guest stars as Derek, Ben's patient.
It originally aired on CBS in the United States on March 5, 2013.
"Zero Sum" was the final appearance in the series by Morris Panych.
The plot consists mostly of the Daleks and Cybermen waging a global war, with humanity caught in the crossfire.
It was first broadcast on 11 July 1997, during the third season.
"Our Mrs. Reynolds" is the sixth episode of the science fiction television series Firefly created by Joss Whedon.
It was the show's second-highest-rated episode of all time, with 38.8 million viewers, only behind the series finale.
agents as they learn of a traitor in their team.
It is the sixth episode of the second half of the show's sixth season, the eighteenth episode of the season overall.
It is the twenty-third and final episode of the show's eighth season and was broadcast on May 13, 2012.
"The Dragon's Call" was watched by 7.15 million viewers in the UK and 6.3 million in the US on NBC.
Developed by Sera Gamble and Cathryn Humphris, the episode was written by the latter and directed by Steve Boyum.
Several sets were created in a gothic style to represent Tarquin's home, while the anomalies created by the Delphic Expanse sphere were added in post production.
Ted begins his search for his perfect mate and meets an ambitious young reporter, Robin Scherbatsky, whom he quickly falls in love with.
Several scenes were created due to onset accidents and ad-libbing, such as Dwight's fitness orb popping and Michael grabbing Jan's breast accidentally.
It first aired on 2 April 1999, during the fifth season.
"Redrum" is the sixth episode of the eighth season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files.
"Betrayal" is the third episode of the American television series Revenge, it premiered on ABC on October 5, 2011.
The episode received generally positive reviews and was seen by 2.56 million overall households, according to Nielsen Media Research.
It was the final episode of the 1996 Christmas trilogy and the fifteenth Christmas special, It was first screened on 29 December 1996.
The initial idea for the finale, involving the Q&A, was thought of by Daniels during production of the third season.
It was written by Barry Letts, and featured Jon Pertwee as the Third Doctor, Nicholas Courtney as Brigadier Lethbridge-Stewart and Elisabeth Sladen as Sarah Jane Smith.
On its first showing, 3.17 million watched the episode.
Before the premiere of the fourth season, the principal cast of Lost called "Ji Yeon" the most shocking of the first seven episodes.
He becomes convinced that they and two other guests are engaged in group sexual misbehaviour, somehow also involving Polly.
This title is also the name of a novel and movie, The Bride Wore Black.
The episode premiered in the United States on November 16, 2012.
The episode features the return of Roiland, who had first appeared in the third season episode, "Too Young".
Agyeman had previously appeared as Martha's cousin Adeola in "Army of Ghosts".
In Washington, D.C., Ben and April decide to make an impromptu road trip to Pawnee.
"The Rejected" is the fourth episode of the fourth season of the American television drama series Mad Men, and the 43rd overall episode of the series.
"Nothing Personal" originally aired on ABC on April 29, 2014, and according to Nielsen Media Research, was watched by 5.95 million viewers.
It originally aired on FX in the United States on March 26, 2014.
The episode is largely carried by the voice acting of Yang.
It aired on April 29, 2010 on NBC.
The message of the episode equates talent agents to Chinese slave traders.
The episode was written by Steve Basilone and Annie Mebane, and directed by Tristram Shapeero.
The episode's sets were also augmented with digital effects, amplifying what could be constructed within the given budget.
In 2009, "The One with the Embryos" was ranked #21 on TV Guide's list of "TV's Top 100 Episodes of All Time."
is the eleventh episode of the fourth season of Scandal, and is the 58th overall episode.
The Independent wrote that Capaldi displayed a kinder face of his personality by sending the message.
It first aired on March 23, 1964, during the first season.
Jonathan Kent and Lex Luthor learn the results of the senatorial election and the life of someone Clark loves is taken from him.
The episode features a reference to Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip, which was compared to 30 Rock because of their similar premise.
"The Zarn" is the second episode of the second season of the 1970s American television series Land of the Lost.
In the episode, Del and Rodney hunt for a rare butterfly.
Eva Longoria submitted this episode for consideration of her work in the category of "Outstanding Lead Actress - Comedy Series" for the 2007 Emmy Awards.
"Born to Run", like the previous episode, "Adam Raised a Cain", is named after a Bruce Springsteen song
"The House in Cypress Canyon" is an episode of the American radio series Suspense.
The episode was directed by Tristram Shapeero and written by Steve Basilone and Annie Mebane.
Live-action filming took place Thursday 1 April 1976 through Wednesday 14 April 1976.
Fred’s parents, Roger and Trish Burkle, arrive in town from Texas to take her home with them, prompting Fred to run away.
5 on its list of the 10 best Star Trek episodes.
It is the second episode of a two-part story written by Matthew Graham and directed by Julian Simpson which began with "The Rebel Flesh".
The Gravediggers is the second episode of the fourth series of the 1960s cult British spy-fi television series The Avengers, starring Patrick Macnee and Diana Rigg.
Samantha Davon James, better known by her stage name 3D Na'Tee, is an American rapper, songwriter, and video director.
Critics praised the Red Hood gang and Bruce's storyline.
The episode was watched by an American audience of 16.25 million, and received positive reviews from television critics.
"Jetrel" is the 15th episode of the first season of Star Trek: Voyager.
Their time is spent trying to find Jack, Sarah Linden’s missing son.
Upon airing, the episode was watched by 11.60 million viewers, with an 18-49 rating of 2.8, presenting an increase in ratings from the previous episode.
Charlie Pace recounts the five greatest moments of his life, which are depicted in flashbacks, as he prepares to fulfill Desmond Hume's premonitions of his death.
In addition, Logan and Veronica's relationship becomes even more tumultuous, with Logan eventually coming to the realization that they need to break up.
"Lower Decks" is the 167th episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation.
The episode was written by Joe Menosky and Ronald D. Moore and was the directorial debut of cast member Patrick Stewart.
Upon its initial airing, this episode was viewed by 7.81 million American viewers and received a 3.3/9 Nielsen rating/share in the 18–49 demographic.
The season was met with largely positive critical reception.
"Roy's Wedding" saw the return of Denman as Roy, who was a regular character in the show's first three seasons.
Malcolm Reynolds and Zoe Washburne are survivors of their rebel unit in the Battle of Serenity Valley during the Unification War, in which their side lost.
"Judgment" is episode 1 of season 2 of the television show Angel, broadcast on September 26, 2000 on the WB network.
It also received mixed reviews in Australia and New Zealand.
Television critics gave positive reviews to the finale.
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the crew of the Federation starship Enterprise.
It is the 23rd, and final, episode of the third season and the first of a three-episode cliffhanger.
The episode was the 22nd episode for the show's first season.
It was written by Reece Shearsmith and Steve Pemberton, and directed by Dan Zeff.
However, the scenes involving Andrea were re-written by Scott Gimple and re-filmed one month after production ended to deliver a more satisfying conclusion.
Meanwhile, Logan, Parker, Mac, and Bronson attend a scavenger hunt for Valentine's Day.
It originally aired on October 25, 2007, and was watched by 6.95 million viewers.
The episode was directed by Don Leaver and written by James Mitchell.
Guest stars in this episode include John Anderson, Elizabeth Banks, Jon Hamm, Kristin McGee, Julianne Moore, Michael Sheen, Jason Sudeikis, and Dean Winters.
Meanwhile, Jim Halpert and Pam Beesly post Dwight Schrute's resume on the internet.
It was the third episode in this series.
The episode features guest appearances by actress Summer Glau and cosmologist George Smoot.
The competition was won by the children of Ashdene School.
Although audio recordings and still photographs of the story exist, no footage of this serial is known to have survived.
This episode was dubbed "the scene that was never shot", as it was released in complete storyboard drawings.
The episode was written by Bob Daily and directed by Wendey Stanzler.
Meanwhile, Logan enlists Mac's help in creating a presentation for his business class.
According to the Nielsen ratings system, it was watched by 6.4 million households during its original broadcast.
Meanwhile, Stewie realizes how much he depends on his family while he is alone.
"Lord of the Flies" is the fifth episode of the ninth season of the science fiction television series The X-Files, and the show's 187th episode overall.
The episode was met with positive reviews from television critics as many were pleased with the darker tone the show had developed.
The episode was written and directed by series co-creator Trey Parker.
"The Break-Up" received generally good reception from critics.
In the United Kingdom it aired via E4 from October 2, 2009 weekdays at 7:30pm.
On Galactica, Colonel Saul Tigh's gambit to discredit President Laura Roslin fails, and he declares martial law.
It received moderately positive reviews from television critics, with many complimenting Gillian Anderson's performance.
"My Fuzzy Valentine" is the 13th episode of the third season of the animated comedy series Bob's Burgers and the overall 35th episode.
The character's traits were developed by Robinson, who was praised for his work by Kolbe.
Its English name comes from its resemblance to grains of gunpowder.
Peter, Joe, Cleveland and Quagmire decide to rob Peter's father-in-law, Carter Pewterschmidt.
Following "Pegasus", the series went on hiatus until January 2006.
The episode was first broadcast on February 19, 2003, on UPN.
In 2009, an Iowa man was fired from his job for sexual harassment, partially stemming from his use of the phrase.
In the episode, Jack Donaghy meets with Kabletown's boss, Hank Hooper.
It was directed by Rob Bowman, and written by Frank Spotnitz.
In addition, several of the lines and scenes from the episode were improved or ad-libbed by the cast.
"Up in Smoke" is the 23rd episode of the ninth season of the American police procedural drama NCIS, and the 209th episode overall.
“Free Fall” yielded 2.56 million viewers and a 1.0 demo rating, up from the previous episode.
It was aired on December 4, 2013.
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on March 4, 2010.
This episode features the death of Shane Walsh.
"Home Wreckers" is the 20th episode of the fifth season of the CBS situation comedy How I Met Your Mother and 108th episode overall.
In the episode, Leslie gets Ann to go on a date with state auditor Chris to persuade him to increase the parks department budget.
In the episode, a strange affliction infects the crew of the Enterprise, destroying their inhibitions.
"Starvin' Marvin" was the first South Park Thanksgiving-themed episode.
A Late Delivery from Avalon is an episode from the third season of the science-fiction television series Babylon 5.
The episode was first broadcast on 28 September 1969 on ITV.
"Rise of the Villains: The Son of Gotham" is the tenth episode of the second season and 32nd episode overall from the FOX series Gotham.
The episode was written by Ed Burns from a story by David Simon & Ed Burns and was directed by Steve Shill.
"Allen" was written by series creator Paul Scheuring and directed by Michael Watkins.
The episode, serving as the special 100th episode, was broadcast on July 8, 2014.
Effective with this episode, the show moves back to Tuesday nights at 8:00 pm Eastern time from Thursday nights at 9:00 pm Eastern time.
It was written by head writer and executive producer Steven Moffat and directed by Saul Metzstein.
In the episode, the crew of the Enterprise visit an abandoned outpost guarded by a mysterious computer.
"Transitions" is the fourth episode of the fifth season of the HBO original series, The Wire.
"Phyllis' Wedding" is the sixteenth episode of the third season of the American comedy television series The Office, and the show's 44th overall.
The debut episode originally aired in the United States on February 17, 2014 on NBC.
"Homecoming" is the second episode of the sixth season of the American musical television series Glee, and the 110th overall.
The episode, the 7487th in the series, was written by Jan McVerry and produced by Phil Collinson for ITV Studios.
This episode also featured a passing return of the Judoon, the Ood, the Ice Warriors, the Silurians, the Cybermen and the Sontarans.
The episode first aired on November 19, 2009 in the United States to mostly positive reviews, with many critics praising the new revelations about the Observers.
In that volume Hemingway credits the phrase to Gertrude Stein, who was then his mentor and patron.
It is the first episode of the series to feature only two of the main characters, both of whom happen to have no comic counterparts.
The animated series won the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Children's Series for this episode.
Rob Bowman planned to direct the episode, but he was switched to "Datalore" due to delays in its production.
Additionally, a few reviewers, including The Atlantic's Kevin Fallon, thought the bullying storyline had been stretched over too many episodes.
It was first aired in the United States on February 3, 2003, and in Canada on October 10, 2003.
It premiered on December 5, 2013 on ABC.
The total viewership numbers and rating/share were down significantly from the previous episode, "Asian F", which had been broadcast four weeks earlier on October 4, 2011.
In an interview, she said she loves to play "complicated characters".
After spending his money foolishly Lois finds out and Peter decides to dump it from a blimp at the Super Bowl.
"Peter" is the 16th episode of the second season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe, and the 36th episode overall.
It first aired on E4 in the UK on 27 January 2011.
It was Jennifer Hetrick's final performance as Vash and John de Lancie's only appearance as Q on Deep Space Nine.
Meanwhile, several castaways head off to rescue Michael's son, Walt, from the Others.
"Release" is the seventeenth episode of the ninth season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files.
The episode was written by Elaine Ko, Jeffrey Richman and Bill Wrubel, and directed by Gail Mancuso.
It is the tenth Christmas special since the show’s revival in 2005, and the first full Christmas special to feature the Twelfth Doctor.
"Unplugged" is the fifth episode of the second season of the ABC sitcom, Modern Family, and the 29th episode of the series overall.
Meanwhile, his ex-wife Cookie Lyon comes out of jail and demands a part of the company she founded.
The episode is inspired by Audrey Niffenegger's novel The Time-Traveler's Wife.
It is the seventh episode of the first series, which was broadcast on 26 November 2006.
The episode is set in Utah in the year 2012, in the underground bunker owned by Henry van Statten, a rich collector of alien artifacts.
It was directed by Dan Sackheim and written by Frank Renzulli, and originally aired on AMC in the United States on November 25, 2012.
"Tom Keen" is the sixteenth episode of the second season of the American crime drama The Blacklist.
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the crew of the Federation starship Enterprise.
In this episode, Commander Riker comes face to face with an exact duplicate of himself, created years earlier by a transporter phenomenon.
It was watched by 17 million viewers.
It was written by Nick Santora and Matt Olmstead, and directed by Jesse Bochco.
The episode featured the first appearances of recurring characters Ned Gerblansky and Randy Marsh.
The series depicts the adventures of Veronica Mars as she deals with life as a high school student while moonlighting as a private detective.
However, while investigating the phenomenon, the Defiant is boarded by Jem'Hadar.
The episodes was written by Stacy McKee and directed by Chris Hayden.
The aftermath of the explosion finds Carrie experiencing a manic episode.
It was aired on June 3, 2013.
The episode originally aired on April 30, 2006, on Fox.
It later won for Outstanding Sound Mixing for a Comedy or Drama Series and Animation.
It originally aired in the United States on Fox on April 25, 2010.
When interviewed while shooting the film in Vancouver, the director summarized it:
Meanwhile, Kelly Kapoor sets up Pam Beesly on a double date with one of her friends which goes nowhere.
The character of Sayid Jarrah is featured in the episode's flashbacks.
They try to understand what the future Doctor said and are sent to Washington D.C.
It was the fifth episode of series 3, and was first screened on 8 December 1983.
Written by Jane Espenson and directed by James A. Contner, it originally aired on the WB network on October 19, 1999.
9, and was redrafted several times owing to the writers' uncertainty as to whether the characters should be amateurs or professionals.
Secrets are uncovered as Vanessa Abrams finds that Scott Rosson might not whom he seems to be and Bree Buckley's intentions with Nate Archibald are revealed.
This episode was released on DVD on 2004 as part of the Walt Disney Treasures line.
One called the episode "intense" while another called it "game-changing".
It is the sequel to the 2006 short film Haunted Hogmanay.
On an Empire Online list, "The Harrowing", particularly its final scene, was selected as the 17th best TV moment of the year.
It is the conclusion of a three-episode story arc that began with "Black Friday", and continued with "A Song of Ass and Fire".
"...And Found" is the fifth episode of the second season of Lost, and the 30th episode overall.
It is eventually discovered that Emily was created during Scully's abduction.
The episode featured the return of several recurring characters, such as Vaughn Armstrong as Admiral Maxwell Forrest and Gary Graham as Ambassador Soval.
However, when Mr. Krabs accidentally injures his toe, he utters all the 13 bad words.
Attempting to take advantage of the situation, he accidentally hospitalizes Lois while attempting to steal from a restaurant and loses custody of Meg, Chris, and Stewie.
Written and directed by series creator Joss Whedon, it was originally broadcast on November 10, 2002 on the WB television network.
It originally aired on ABC on 15 April 1961.
The title translates from Latin as "remember that you will die."
Two groups of trust metrics can be identified:
The episode was written by James Wong and directed by Alfonso Gomez-Rejon.
Meanwhile, in Stamford Jim Halpert and Karen Filippelli embark on a quest for a particular brand of potato chips.
It originally aired in the United States on June 4, 2006.
Critical reception to the episode was mixed, and some felt that the high-profile comedic guest stars Bill Bailey and Arabella Weir were underused.
"Soldiers of the Empire" is the 119th episode of the television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the 21st episode of the fifth season.
Anderson returned to the series only days after having given birth, missing the previous episode due to her pregnancy.
"Three Stories" is the twenty-first episode of the first season of House, which premiered on Fox on May 17, 2005.
It originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company network in the United States on November 5, 2009.
Nicholas Courtney reprises his role as Brigadier Alistair Lethbridge-Stewart and becomes a regular cast member beginning with this serial.
"Freedom" is the eleventh episode of the second season of the psychological thriller television series The Following, which premiered on March 31, 2014, on Fox.
Critics were largely positive in their reviews of the installment.
It marked the final regular appearance of Donna Noble.
Data, and Dr. Beverly Crusher in a 1940s-style gangster holodeck program with Captain Picard playing the role of detective Dixon Hill.
"You Must Meet My Wife" is the 136th episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.
Jonathan Katz makes a guest appearance as himself.
"Postgame Mortem" is the thirteenth episode of the third season of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars, and the fifty-seventh episode overall.
The episode was written by Felicia D. Henderson and Brad Caleb Kane, and directed by Bill Eagles.
"Betty's Wait Problem" is the third episode of the second season of the dramedy series, Ugly Betty.
The episode received a positive critical response and was watched by 3.61 million viewers.
As it was an educational programme, it used the Doctor Who format and elements to explore the processes of the creation of the Earth.
"Boom Crunch" is the 121st episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.
This episode is loosely based on the original series' episode of the same name.
The story began in the 7th episode of season 3 "Nobody Touches Anything" of Chicago Fire where a fire victim was found with child pornography.
However, Justin Remer of DVD Talk disliked the episode because he felt its story did not translate well onto the screen.
Sun-Hwa Kwon searches for her missing wedding ring; meanwhile, Michael Dawson conducts a solitary search for his kidnapped son.
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the crew of the Federation starship Enterprise.
"Chicago" is the thirty-eighth episode of the American television series Prison Break and is the sixteenth episode of its second season.
It is episode #67, production #63, written by Joyce Muskat and directed by John Erman.
The episode was written by series creator and executive producer Terence Winter and directed by executive producer Tim Van Patten.
In this episode, Veronica serves on a jury in the trial of two '09er boys in the assault of a woman.
The live show was watched by an average of 6.27 million in the UK, and was also simulcast in the United States, Canada and Australia.
It originally aired on March 30, 2009.
"Hitman" was the first and only episode of the series to have been boarded by Moynihan and Youn.
The episode was written and directed by series co-creator Trey Parker and co-written by series co-creator Matt Stone.
"Missing Link" is the seventh episode of the first series of Space: 1999.
Although director Nutter based the gory scenes in "2Shy" on the earlier episode "The Host", the episode has drawn comparisons to "Squeeze" and "Irresistible".
All is going well until Grandad gets arrested.
"Rose" began filming in Cardiff, the headquarters of BBC Wales, in July 2004, with some location scenes shot in London.
The episode was written by Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse and directed by Stephen Williams.
The teleplay was written by co-creator Bill Prady, and writers Dave Goetsch and Maria Ferrari.
During the first season, Chris Carter had written a similar themed episode, but stopped working on it when he became "unhappy" with the result.
Peter then becomes the target of sexual lust by his boss at the Pawtucket Brewery, Angela, who finds him attractive without his occasional eyewear.
"Dear Dad... Three" was the 33rd episode of the M*A*S*H television series, and the ninth episode of season two.
It featured the guest voices of Mike Barker, Lisa Edelstein, Jeff Fischer, Mike Henry, Matt McKenna, Kevin Michael Richardson, and Kristen Schaal.
It was first broadcast on BBC2 on 7 December 1982.
It originally aired on Sunday, November 7, 2004.
It first aired on November 19, 2003 and was the sixty-second episode of the series.
In the episode, Thomas Durant takes some men to a ransacked town of his namesake, where he learns the Sioux Nation has declared war on him.
Ariel Winter does not appear in the episode.
According to Nielsen ratings, it was viewed in 7.21 million homes in its original airing.
"Of Late I Think of Cliffordville" is episode 116 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone.
Meanwhile, Hannah is trying to talk through a tough situation with Rex's girlfriend Emma.
The episode marks the first appearance of Davros since the 1988 serial Remembrance of the Daleks; he is portrayed by Julian Bleach.
The First Stone is a 2007 episode of STV's Rebus television series.
The pilot episode introduces all members of the main cast as well as a number of recurring characters.
It was directed by Brian Welsh, and first aired on Channel 4 on 18 December 2011.
It was written by consulting producer Lisa Zwerling, and directed by Aaron Lipstadt.
"Ugly" is the seventh episode of the fourth season of House and the seventy-seventh episode overall.
The actors discussed this with the series' producers, leading to the writing of "House of the Rising Sun" and the multifaceted depiction of their relationship.
The episode focuses on Jack Donaghy setting up Liz Lemon on a blind date with a friend of his.
In the meantime, Brian develops an extreme thirst for exercise.
"The Anniversary" is the fifth episode of the second series of BBC sitcom Fawlty Towers.
Upon airing, the episode was viewed by 2.92 million viewers and attained a 0.9 rating in the 18-49 demographic, according to Nielsen ratings.
A vintage television commercial for the game is viewed by Don's daughter Sally during the episode.
The stories for both episodes were developed by Patrick McHale, Kent Osborne, and Pendleton Ward.
Several of the scenes were based on the actors' real-life talents, such as Krasinski's ability to impersonate people.
The sole standalone episode of the show's original run it serves as an introduction to the 12 part story The Daleks' Master Plan.
The episode followed the aftermath of Olivia's journey to the parallel universe in the last season's finale, while also introducing the idea of shapeshifters.
"Landslide" is the twenty-second episode of the first season of the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes.
It also earned Sorkin and Cleveland the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series, as well as one for Richard Schiff.
"The Red and the Black" is the fourteenth episode of the fifth season of American science fiction television series The X-Files.
The episode was written by Seth Hoffman and directed by Jennifer Lynch.
"Be-Shure" is an episode from the ABC comedy-drama series Ugly Betty, which aired on December 11, 2009.
An estimated 9.1 million viewers watched the episode, a 23 percent increase from the previous season premiere "The Dundies".
"Christmas Scandal" marked the last of a string of guest appearances by stand-up comedian Louis C.K.
Both episodes were written by series creator Chris Carter, with "Redux" directed by R. W. Goodwin and "Redux II" helmed by Kim Manners.
While there, the spellmaster suspiciously falls over a railing to his death, strengthening their beliefs in foul play.
The Magic School Bus is a series of children's books about science, written by Joanna Cole and illustrated by Bruce Degen.
It was written by Ben Elton, Rik Mayall and Lise Mayer, and directed by Paul Jackson.
It originally was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on December 22, 2009, and later aired on Fox in the United States on May 23, 2010.
It first aired on 25 June 1999, during the fifth season.
The episode features issues of necrophilia and a parody of the animated series Scooby-Doo.
XPRESS is an award-winning British multi-cultural entertainment television series produced by Windrush Productions for Central Television.
Although unable to recall their names or duties, they quickly realize that somehow they still know how to operate the starship.
"The Mikado" featured a guest appearance by Allan Zinyk as Brian Roedecker.
It was written by Neil Gaiman and directed by Richard Clark.
The complete series was released on DVD on September 15, 2009.
Instead of the usual title screen with the show's name it uses a similar screen, replacing the word "Heroes" with the episode's name.
Missouri Mish Mash is the third story arc from the third season of Rocky and Bullwinkle.
Other reviewers complained about the holodeck, but praised Tierney's performance.
"The Beginning of the End" received a positive critical response and was watched by 3.46 million viewers.
"You're Gonna Love Tomorrow" received mostly positive reviews from television critics, most of whom agreed that the time jump refreshed the show.
The series premiered on January 23, 1996, and aired a total of 127 episodes during its six season run.
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work.
The 45 minute episode was broadcast on February 12, 1990 on television.
The Pilot was the first episode of the American situation comedy series Friends, premiered on NBC on September 22, 1994.
"The Race" is the 96th episode of the American sitcom Seinfeld, the tenth episode of the sixth season.
The film was shown on Channel 4 as part of the Cutting Edge documentary strand, and aired on 30 April 2007.
Anna Gunn, who plays Jerry's girlfriend Amy, later went on to star in Breaking Bad.
It was written by George Mastras and directed by Adam Bernstein.
It first aired on January 13, 2008 in the United States.
Straczynski has confirmed that, in Season 2, "A Race Through Dark Places" should precede "Soul Mates," and that "Knives" should precede "In the Shadow of Z'ha'dum."
"Teliko" earned a Nielsen rating of 11.3, being watched by 18.01 million people upon its initial broadcast.
The first two seasons consist of 26 episodes each, and the third season consisted of 8 episodes, for a total of 60 episodes.
"There's More Than One of Everything" received mostly good reviews, with many critics praising the revelations concerning the parallel universe.
"Bastille Day" is the third episode of the first season of the reimagined Battlestar Galactica television series.
In the episode, Crosetti focuses his investigation into the shooting of Officer Thormann on one suspect, while Lewis continues to investigate.
In this episode, the crew rescue a shapeshifting alien called the Vendorian from a damaged spacecraft who has disguised himself as a missing philanthropist.
Executive producer Frank Spotnitz later noted that the episode bore stylistic similarities to the fourth-season episode "Paper Hearts".
A person's final articulated words said prior to death or as death approaches generally are taken to have particular significance.
The second episode was an Emmy nominee for Outstanding Art Direction For A Single-Camera Series.
Emerson also received more praise for his acting than Mitchell, who plays Juliet; however, Mitchell won a Saturn Award for her performance.
Upon airing, "Secrets" garnered 6.08 million viewers and a 3.1 rating in the 18-49 demographic, according to Nielsen ratings.
The narrative revolves around four children—Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, Eric Cartman and Kenny McCormick—and their unusual experiences in the titular mountain town.
Meanwhile, Ava attempts to take on more serious talk show topics, however, she finds the amount of preparation it takes, way too overwhelming.
"La Couchette" is the first episode of the second series of British dark comedy anthology Inside No.
is the second episode of the eighth season of the animated comedy series American Dad!, an episode produced for season 7.
"Bunk Off" is the second episode of the first series of The Inbetweeners.
The episode idea was then substantially revised by Herpich.
The episode received a Nielsen rating of 8.0 and was viewed by 13.3 million viewers.
Unknown to Stan, Roger spies on him, only to find out that Stan is a terrible actor.
It premiered on FOX on November 17, 2014 and was written by Ken Woodruff, and directed by Karen Gaviola.
The musical covers and performances were met with generally positive reception from critics, with several noting that it contained the best musical selection in a while.
The episode was written by Aaron Shure and directed by Paul Lieberstein.
It is frequently noted as one of the best episodes of the series.
1307–1282 BC and self-proclaimed šar kiššati, or “King of the World,” according to the votive inscription pictured.
It guest-starred Martin Mull as Mr. Harris, and Fred Tatasciore as Chevy Chase.
This episode introduces Gus Fring, played by Giancarlo Esposito.
Jim Halpert's plan to propose to Pam Beesly gets ruined after Andy Bernard makes a proposal of his own.
This episode's title is a pun of the film Four Weddings and a Funeral.
"The Rise of the Blue Beetle" is the first episode of the animated television series Batman: The Brave and the Bold.
Although it was the eighth broadcast episode, it was scheduled to be the fifth episode.
"Pilot" is the first episode of the FX crime drama television series The Shield.
Supporting character Ron Swanson is revealed to have a large woodshop in "The Possum", which was inspired by actor Nick Offerman's real-life carpentry skills.
which remains with the most amount of viewers, with 5.20.
It later became the second highest rated show for the week as well as the week's highest rated scripted program.
"Q Who" was watched by 10.3 million viewers.
In this episode, the crew returns to Earth to participate in a conference to set up a trade coalition of alien races.
"Black Hole" is the sixteenth episode of the sixth season of the American medical drama House.
This is the last episode to feature Cory Monteith as Finn Hudson, who died three months after the episode aired.
Meanwhile, Admiral William Adama continues his plan to rescue everybody there.
The total viewership for this episode was down somewhat from the previous episode, "Pot o' Gold", though ratings were fractionally higher.
In the episode, Glenn reveals to the group that there are walkers in the Greenes' barn, dividing the group on what to do.
"Turf War" received mixed reviews from critics, with many criticizing the show's decision to recycle elements of the Michael Scott Paper Company fifth season story arc.
Written and directed by George Mastras, it originally aired on AMC in the United States on August 12, 2012.
"Two Cathedrals" is the 44th episode and second season finale of The West Wing.
It originally aired on AMC in the United States on November 4, 2012, and was written by Sang Kyu Kim and directed by Guy Ferland.
The first airing of "Zero Hour" on July 30, 2004 on the American Sci Fi Channel was viewed by 3 million Americans.
It received a 2.8 rating/5 share among viewers in the 18–49 demographic on a National Broadcasting Corporation re-airing.
The original title was "Mission of the Darya".
It stars Kendall Schmidt, James Maslow, Carlos Pena Jr., Logan Henderson, and Stephen Kramer Glickman.
"Instinct" is the second episode of the first season of the Canadian science fiction television series Orphan Black.
"The Junction" is the second segment of the thirty-second episode and the thirteenth episode of the second season of the television series The Twilight Zone.
My Life as a Turkey is a television episode that premiered in 2011 in the UK on BBC and in the US on PBS.
It was originally broadcast on BBC One on 8 December 2008.
Meanwhile, Pam starts a caption contest in the office, with Gabe instituting rules that no one wants to follow.
The episode was the lowest rated so far of season three, having aired at the same time as Major League Baseball playoffs.
The show centers on Toby Logan, a 28-year-old paramedic who has the ability to listen to people's surface thoughts.
It was co-written by creators Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk and directed by Murphy.
The idea for "Release" was developed by Shiban, who handed the script over to Amann.
In this episode Zelena kidnaps Snow White's baby, while flashbacks show Zelena's past with Glinda the Good Witch of the South.
It was first screened on 9 September 2005, as the first episode of series one.
This episode was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Sound Mixing for a Miniseries or a Movie.
Rush and Alyson Silverberg, began selecting the principal cast eight to ten weeks before filming started.
Critical reception to the episode was favorable.
"Ink and Incapability" is the second episode of the third series of the BBC sitcom Blackadder.
"Confessions and Lamentations" is an episode from the second season of the science fiction television series Babylon 5.
Jack is featured in various Doctor Who and Torchwood books and has action figures created in his likeness.
The episode was written by co-creator and executive producer Ryan Murphy and was directed by Miguel Arteta.
"Funhouse" is the twenty-sixth episode of the HBO television series The Sopranos.
The episode was written by Andy Bobrow and directed by Jay Chandrasekhar of the Broken Lizard comedy troupe.
James "Toofer" Spurlock discovers a shocking secret about one of his own ancestors.
"Flu Shot" received a mixed response from television critics, with Robert Canning of IGN concluding that the episode fell below 30 Rock standards.
The orchestral version has often been recorded, but not always with Douglas acknowledged as its co-orchestrator.
However, the office is unsure if they want him to work there due to his previous behavior.
It originally aired on MTV on August 13, 2007.
Guest cast is Richard Masur as Lt. "Digger" Detmuller, Eldon Quick as Captain Pratt, Sherry Steffens as Nurse Able and Kellye Nakahara as Nurse Baker.
It will see the duo try their hand at sand motor biking, hang gliding, seashell surfing and even extreme bubble blowing.
Viewership ranged from 8.60–10.09 million, with no episode watched by less than a third of the total viewing audience.
At the 61st Primetime Emmy Awards, the episode was submitted in the "Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series" and "Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series" categories.
It was written by Mark Gatiss and directed by Euros Lyn.
Meanwhile, Gabe tries to win back Erin, but Andy gets in his way.
The episode received generally mixed reviews, though multiple reviewers highlighted the episode's special effects.
It featured the first appearance of actress Lisa K. Wyatt as Lynne, who would make recurrent appearances as a love interest for Kevin.
Accompanied by Peter Dunlop, Bud Morris and Samantha Baker, they question Julie's family, until Megan is forced to leave the case.
The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company network in the United States on February 24, 2011.
It was directed by Tucker Gates, written by Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz, and based on a story by Javier Grillo-Marxuach.
"My Big Fat Greek Rush Week" featured several notable guest stars, including appearances from Dan Castellaneta, Samm Levine, Rider Strong, and Rachelle Lefevre.
It originally aired on November 9, 2009.
This episode marks the final appearance of The Janitor.
Using his ability, he asks her if anybody else was in the car.
In addition, it contained several elaborate effects.
The episode was written by Brent Fletcher, and directed by Milan Cheylov.
Beginning in the 17th century, the city became popular among Sufi pilgrims for Morocco's seven patron saints, who are entombed here.
The scene featuring Burt having "the talk" with Kurt was also singled out for praise.
While Lucrezia chooses to marry Alfonso d'Aragona, Girolamo Savonarola is burned at the stake with a fake confession of heresy.
NSYNC's "Bye Bye Bye" and Anastacia's "I'm Outta Love" both spent the most weeks at number-one with five weeks each.
It originally aired on June 25, 2006.
The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company in the United States on November 30, 2006.
Alexandra Lydon and Alicia Adams made their first Star Trek appearances in "The Aenar".
In the episode, Lana is able to escape the asylum and expose its mistreatments, including those from Dr. Thredson.
The episode was written by Tracy Poust and Jon Kinnally and directed by Victor Neili Jr.
It was written by Matthew Weiner and Terence Winter, directed by Tim Van Patten and originally aired on May 2, 2004.
"Life Serial" is the 5th episode of season 6 of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Jack encourages the relationship until he discovers Gavin is not as successful as he claimed.
Commander William Riker volunteers to act as a temporary host, complicating the relationship between Crusher and Odan.
The episode is centered on Hugo "Hurley" Reyes, while Desmond Hume and John Locke also received points of view in the flash-sideways universe.
In the episode, the boys join a Mountain Scouts troop originally led by Big Gay Al, who is fired due to his homosexuality.
"Orison" earned a Nielsen household rating of 9.4, being watched by 15.63 million people in its initial broadcast.
It originally aired on November 10, 2010.
The episode was directed by longtime director and producer of the Stargate franchise Andy Mikita.
The total viewership and ratings were up from the previous episode, "Mash Off", which had aired two weeks before.
Many critics have found it to have been uncouth.
The title is a reference to the 1978 submarine disaster movie "Grey Lady Down".
"The Poor Kid" is the fifteenth season finale of the American animated television series South Park, and the 223rd episode of the series overall.
Club applauding how the eponymous game lampooned Magic: The Gathering, Dungeons & Dragons, and Risk.
Fellow series regular Charisma Carpenter, who had been with the show since its first episode, also left the series to star alongside Boreanaz.
"My Funky Valentine" is the fifteenth episode of first season of Modern Family and the fifteenth episode of the series overall.
All the accused were arrested and charged with sexual assault and murder.
Meanwhile, Andy and Ron bond, and a hospital-bound April torments the nurse Ann.
“The Smoke Screen” is the third episode of the BBC comedy series Yes, Prime Minister and was first broadcast 23 January 1986.
"Governor Dunston" is the second episode of the seventh season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock, and the 127th overall episode of the series.
Set in the 22nd century, the series follows the adventures of the first Starfleet starship Enterprise, registration NX-01.
"Happy Release" is an episode of the BBC sitcom Porridge.
An additional subplot includes Cartman learning he may not know the true identity of his father.
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on October 25, 2012.
This is the final episode of the series to feature Chevy Chase and the character of Pierce Hawthorne.
agents as they scramble to survive following the destruction of their organisation.
The shock regeneration created an unprecedented level of public interest in the show, which continued until the transmission of "Journey's End".
Viewership for "The Chase" suffered due to competition from the 2010 Winter Olympics closing ceremony.
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work.
As Gold's quest for his happy ending grows more urgent, he resorts to blackmailing Regina in order to help him.
It was originally going to be called The Age of Retirement.
It was received generally well by critics.
The central mysteries of the episode focused on an attic room whose occupants disappeared without trace overnight, and the kidnapped partner of a stage magician.
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the crew of the Federation starship USS Enterprise-D.
It was co-written by Ian B. Goldberg and Andrew Chambliss, while Gwyneth Horder-Payton served as director.
Also, Wesley, living as a recluse in his apartment, gets an offer from Lilah for a job at Wolfram & Hart.
The episode takes place in 2009 as concerns rise over The Girlie Show with Tracy Jordan, a fictitious sketch comedy series.
The episode was written by Lauren LeFranc, and directed by David Solomon.
It originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on November 10, 2006.
The story arc concludes with the following episode, "Titties and Dragons".
It premiered on Showtime on October 5, 2014, airing back-to-back with the season's first episode, "The Drone Queen."
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on April 26, 2012.
In the episode, Leslie attempts to catch a suspected teenage vandal in the act of defacing a public statue.
It was first broadcast on November 27, 2002 and was the last in a mini-arc depicting Cartman being occasionally possessed by Kenny.
"Blind Spot" is a 2017 TV episode of the American television series Beverly Hills, 90210.
"Drew Live" was seen by an estimated 12 million viewers, finishing inside the Top 20 in the ratings for the week of November 8–14, 1999.
The home video was first released on December 21, 2010 and later aired on Fox in the United States on May 22, 2011
In the episode, Ike is haunted by the ghosts of dead celebrities until Michael Jackson, who refuses to accept death, possesses him.
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work.
Charles had written an episode called "The Bet", revolving around Elaine Benes buying a handgun.
The family must then learn to adjust to the community for the weekend, until they are able to fix their car at a mechanic.
"The Day We Died" featured one-time guest actors Brad Dourif and Emily Meade.
Written by Jeannine Renshaw and directed by Thomas J. Wright, it was originally broadcast on May 16, 2000 on the WB network.
"Water" is the second episode of season 1 of the re-imagined Battlestar Galactica television series.
Guest stars in "Back Up, Dancer" include Will Arnett, Bobby Cannavale, and Janet Jackson.
"Faith" is the thirteenth episode of military science fiction television series Stargate Universe.
The party takes a dark turn when Meredith gets drunk and accidentally sets her hair on fire.
"Ron and Tammy" received highly positive reviews and is widely considered one of the best Parks and Recreation episodes, with many commentators praising Offerman's performance.
The episode was written by Ed Burns and was directed by Seith Mann.
The episode was both directed and written by Brad Falchuk.
It originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company in the United States on January 14, 2010.
The eponymous character Charlie Evans is featured as an adult in the fan created miniseries Star Trek: Of Gods and Men.
It was written by Chuck Lorre and Lee Aronsohn in a crossover between CSI and Two and a Half Men.
It originally aired on NBC on September 20, 2012.
"First Person Shooter" earned a Nielsen household rating of 9.3, being watched by 15.31 million people in its initial broadcast.
"The Giggity Wife" is the eleventh episode of the eleventh season and the 199th overall episode of the animated comedy series Family Guy.
The actors described the filming schedule as "pretty busy" and a "collaborative effort".
It was the only TNG assignment for writers Duane and Reaves.
Featuring guest vocals from American rapper French Montana, the song was released on March 11, 2014 as the lead single from the album by Capitol Records.
It is the second episode of the show's third season, first airing on September 25, 1991.
It was originally released on May 14, 1990, in broadcast syndication.
Further criticism also compared the means of the character's pregnancy to rape, and stated that the reactions of the other crew-members were irrational.
The story follows a 17th-century witch trial.
Actor Brian Thompson auditioned and later won the role.
Though he and the show's writing team had the concept of Raisins, it took several days to fully develop its story.
"Web of Desire" is the fourth episode of the fourth season in the television series Hercules: The Legendary Journeys.
It is the first episode in which Starbuck does not appear.
The episode centers on protagonists Jerry and Elaine Benes who decide to have a purely physical relationship, with a set of ground rules.
The look-alike, named Bill, is later caught by Stan after an attempt to have sex with Francine.
The episode earned a Nielsen household rating of 5.2 and was viewed by 8.4 million viewers.
It was written by supervising producer Matt Hubbard and directed by Ken Whittingham.
Meanwhile, the Monarch is revealed after a series of events that bring many characters together.
The episode is written by Reed Steiner and Scott Williams and directed by James Whitmore, Jr., and was seen by 19.76 million viewers.
Meanwhile, Tom tries to pitch his personal fragrance to a cologne maker while simultaneously bonding with Ben.
In the episode, Shane Walsh and Otis desperately attempt to flee the walker-infested high school in order to deliver supplies to a dying Carl Grimes.
"Kingdom Come" featured guest appearances by Lindsay Crouse and Tom McBeath.
This is the only episode in which George does not appear, and one of just two episodes in which Kramer does not appear.
The episode also introduced the character of Melissa Scully, an attempt to provide a romantic lead for Mulder which was later dropped.
The episode features cultural references to the films Rain Man and James Bond, and stand-up comedian and actor Dane Cook.
Chuck Bass slowly devolves into a downward spiral the longer he holds on the secret disappearance of Avery Thorpe.
Desperate Housewives lost a lot of steam in the second half of its season, picking up some again in the final three episodes.
"Bagpipes" is the sixth episode of the fifth season of the CBS situation comedy How I Met Your Mother and 94th overall.
"Joy to the World" is the eleventh episode of the fifth season of House and the ninety-seventh episode overall.
"Khonani" is the eighteenth episode of the fourth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock, and the 76th overall episode of the series.
It received mostly positive reviews for its storyline, and cultural references, in addition to receiving criticism from the Parents Television Council.
Meanwhile, Snow's Storybrooke counterpart, Mary Margaret, develops a personal bond with a comatose John Doe while reading him fairy tales.
"The Little Sister" is the second episode of the second season of the TV sitcom Roseanne.
"Pilot" is the first episode of the American serial drama NYPD Blue.
It is the first of three episodes that were not broadcast in the original 2002 Fox run.
The music was received with somewhat more favor than the episode itself, especially "Candyman", sung by the newly constituted Troubletones.
"Elementary School Musical" is the thirteenth episode of the twelfth season of the animated series South Park, and the 180th episode of the series overall.
The episode is told from the point of view of character Mini McGuinness.
"A Boy in a Tree" is the third episode of the first season of the television series, Bones.
"Bingo" is the seventh episode of the first season of the AMC television series Better Call Saul, the spinoff series of Breaking Bad.
agents as they deal with new players and secrets.
"Angel of Death" marks finale of the fourth season and the departure of series creator Donald P. Bellisario, who wrote the script for the episode.
The episode, the 17th of season 2, was written by Paul Brown and directed by Christopher T. Welch.
Eventually, SpongeBob realizes that he has had his best day ever after all.
"Red in the Face" is the seventh episode of the first season of the American television drama series Mad Men.
According to Nielsen ratings, it was viewed in 7.97 million homes in its original airing.
agents as they race Hydra to enter a hidden alien city, and get to the mysterious Raina.
"Humpty Dumpty" is the third episode of the second season of House, which premiered on Fox on September 27, 2005.
The Heart of Rock 'N' Roll was a two-part special concert episode for the fourth season of the hit TV series "Fame."
The episode was written by John Shiban and directed by Phil Abraham.
"Remember" is the 48th episode of the science fiction television series Star Trek: Voyager, the sixth episode of the third season.
Planet of Evil is the second serial of the 13th season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
It was written by Bob Daily and Matt Berry and directed by David Grossman.
It forms part of the Key to Time story arc.
"The Dance of Dragons" is the ninth episode of the fifth season of HBO's fantasy television series Game of Thrones, and the 49th overall.
The names of the first season episodes have all been names of songs, albums or films.
This was the 16th episode of the fifth season.
It premiered on September 18, 2002, and aired its final episode on May 21, 2003
agents as they try to open a Kree portal to another planet.
"Chutes and Ladders" is the second episode of the fifth season of the anthology television series American Horror Story.
It aired on Monday, September 27, 2010 on the CW.
"Express Christmas" is the tenth episode of the third season of the American sitcom Modern Family, and the series' 58th episode overall.
A number of Moroccan football clubs are located here, including Najm de Marrakech, KAC Marrakech, Mouloudia de Marrakech and Chez Ali Club de Marrakech.
It was released as the second single from the band's ninth studio album, ¡Uno!, on August 14, 2012.
It was first aired on November 4, 1998.
"Eye of the Needle" is the seventh episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Voyager.
Written and directed by series co-creator Trey Parker, the episode parodies the 1992 film The Mighty Ducks.
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on October 14, 1994.
"Let the Games Begin" is the tenth episode of the first season of the CBS drama Under the Dome.
Directed by Troy Adomitis, "Interactions" was written by Kevin Hopps, who researched all the available comic books he had that featured Electro.
In this episode, Veronica investigates Kendall Casablancas at the request of her stepson, Cassidy "Beaver" Casablancas and eventually finds some important information about Logan.
There are also guest appearances by Thom Barry, Nicholas Pryor and Miguel Sandoval.
The episode first aired on December 15, 1994.
"Titan Goes Pop" is the 29th episode of the British Supermarionation television series Stingray, originally aired as episode 10 on 6 December 1964.
The episode received mixed reviews from critics, though some commented positively calling it an improvement from the second season premiere.
Meanwhile, Claire, Phil, Haley, and Luke enjoy a perfect summer, until Alex returns.
"Chase" is the twelfth episode of the season eight of House and the 167th overall.
While many enjoyed the story the episode had to offer, the emotional disconnect and the one-dimensional nature of the villain were cited as detractors.
"Taylor Swift and Def Leppard" is an episode of the CMT television show CMT Crossroads.
The episode was written by Jordan Harper and directed by Bill Eagles.
It originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on April 17, 2009.
The episode's writer, Vlaming, developed the latter two ideas and series creator Chris Carter merged all three ideas in the finalized script.
The episode's script was later nominated for an Emmy Award.
It was also nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series in 2009.
Despite this, critics gave the season mixed reviews.
The first episode was broadcast on October 27, 1984, the second on January 26, 1985.
During the chaos, Jeff's study group teams up in order to last longer in the game.
As a result, Cartman is left with feelings of loss, since he no longer has someone to ridicule for their poverty.
The episode was eventually broadcast third in sequence on September 22, 1966, and re-aired on April 20, 1967.
It first aired on November 17, 2004, on the American Broadcasting Company.
The episode guest stars Emo Philips as Cuber.
The episode lampoons the popularity of freemium mobile apps such as The Simpsons: Tapped Out and Family Guy: The Quest for Stuff.
"No Questions Asked" is the seventh episode of the ninth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother, and the 191st episode overall.
The episode premiered on the Fox network on October 21, 2009.
"Chuck Versus the Fat Lady" is the 7th episode of the second season of Chuck and the 20th overall.
"Dude, We're Getting the Band Back Together" was well received and is considered a "fan favorite."
"Dual Spires" received generally positive reviews from critics.
David Gallagher and Kim Dickens guest-starred as the couple.
"What Lies Below" is the 13th episode of the second season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe.
The titular restaurant in the episode is based on the real-life Casa Bonita, a chain of Mexican-themed restaurants in Denver, Colorado.
"The Man Trap" placed first in the timeslot with a Nielsen rating of 25.2 percent for the first half-hour and 24.2 for the remainder.
Chuck must deal with the aftermath of Bryce Larkin's departure as he goes undercover with Sarah to investigate a billionaire philanthropist.
In this episode, Maureen, a newly hired Playboy bunny, gets involved in the murder of mob boss Bruno Bianchi.
"Come In, Stranger" is the fifth episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.
It first aired on the 29 May 2008 on E4.
In this episode, Jack Donaghy stages a televised firework display, in an attempt to show up his rival, Devon Banks.
After airing in the United States on CBS on January 27, 2006, the episode received mixed reviews.
Hasbro Family Game Night was made available for download on the PlayStation 3 via PlayStation Network on October 29, 2009.
It was written by Jon Pollack and directed by one of the season's producers, Don Scardino.
In this episode, a new engine named Emily arrives and unintentionally steals Annie and Clarabel.
It was written by Lee Eisenberg and Gene Stupnitsky and directed by Dennie Gordon.
The episode features cover versions of six songs, including a cover of "P.Y.T."
It is the second episode in a back-to-back series return after the 2009 holiday hiatus.
In the episode, Desmond Hume and Sayid Jarrah are being flown by Frank Lapidus to the freighter where Lapidus' mission is set.
With emergency band funds unavailable, Jemaine takes desperate measures in hopes of supplementing their income.
The episode received mostly positive reviews from critics.
It is the nineteenth episode of the show's fifth season and aired April 19, 2009.
It also introduced Arthur Darvill as Amy's boyfriend Rory Williams, who would later become a main cast member.
Rooney's portrayal of a lecherous, vicious comedian who tears down everyone around him was widely praised.
The second season of the American television comedy series How I Met Your Mother premiered on September 18, 2006 and concluded on May 14, 2007.
The episode premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on October 8, 2014.
"The Coming of Shadows" is a key episode from the second season of the science fiction television series Babylon 5.
With 8.3 million households turning in during its initial broadcast, the episode was the most-viewed episode of the show's first season.
At the end of the season, Marshall is seen looking desolate and miserable.
It is also the first episode to feature Amber Tamblyn as Martha Masters, as a replacement of Thirteen.
Each season shares its name with an episode that is central to that season's plot.
Brian Baumgartner's character appears as a drum player in the episode, forcing the actor to take lessons for the instrument and rely on a stunt musician.
The events of the episode adapt material from "Volume 12", "Issue #72" of the comic book series.
This episode gathered 10.84 million Americans according to Nielsen Media Research.
"August" is the eighth episode of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe's second season.
The premiere centers on Don Draper's fortieth birthday, opening on Memorial Day weekend 1966.
It originally aired on February 20, 2005.
It received mostly positive reviews from critics for its storyline and entertaining cultural references.
It was written by Erica Rivinoja and was directed by Beth McCarthy-Miller.
"Episode 7", also known as "The Last Evening", is the eighth and final episode of the first season of the American mystery television series Twin Peaks.
"Australia" is the 20th episode of the fifth season of the American sitcom Modern Family, and the series' 116th overall.
He later explained to media that he wanted to make the video available to his family and had no idea it would become popular online.
"Mother's Daughter" is the ninth episode of the television series Miracles.
"The Power of Madonna" is the fifteenth episode of the American television series Glee.
The episode premiered in the United States on NBC on November 4, 2013.
The episode was written by Ashley Edward Miller, Zack Stentz, Nora Zuckerman, and Lilla Zuckerman.
The pacifism, the ethics, the lack of action portrayed in the episode are also part of the theology.
The episode, and in particular a strip tease scene involving Cuddy, gained positive responses.
"Emancipation" is the eighth episode of the fifth season of House and the ninety-fourth episode overall.
The episode was written by William F. Zorzi from a story by David Simon & William F. Zorzi and was directed by Ernest Dickerson.
"Public Relations" is the season premiere of the fourth season of the American television drama series Mad Men, and the 40th overall episode of the series.
It was first broadcast on April 10, 1998, during the fourth season.
"Finders Keepers" is the first episode of the twelfth season and the 211th overall episode of the animated comedy series Family Guy.
Actress Amanda Bynes guest starred as Anna, and Bryan Cranston and Mae Whitman made minor appearances in the episode.
"Dwight K. Schrute, Manager" is the 24th episode of the seventh season of the American comedy television series The Office and the show's 150th episode overall.
According to Nielsen ratings, it was viewed in 6.72 million homes in its original airing.
After a test shot was completed, the rest of the production team were also convinced that it could be achieved.
The episode was written by David Ehrman and it was directed by Dave Barrett.
The episode was written by Dave Jeser and Matt Silverstein and directed by Anthony Agrusa.
This episode was originally produced under the title "Stand Your Brown".
"The Boat" received positive reviews from television critics.
"The Zygon Invasion" is the seventh episode of the ninth series of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
The Independent Television Commission cleared Celador and ITV of any wrongdoing.
Mickey McGinnes and his brother Sean seek to expand their franchise.
In this episode, John Copper, a convict that Michael arrested 10 years ago, escapes from jail.
First director Gary Rake believed Olivia's action scenes took her to a "higher level", and Torv herself enjoyed filming them.
The episode was watched by 6.53 million viewers and received positive reviews.
Meanwhile, Megan has to relive the death of her father, when her mother Joan visits.
It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, sharing continuity with the films of the franchise.
It originally aired in four weekly parts from 2 September to 23 September 1967.
It received a great amount of critical praise, with critics welcoming the new set of characters, which they saw as a great addition.
"The Outing" is the 57th episode of the sitcom Seinfeld.
It is the third episode of the second half of the show's sixth season, the fifteenth episode of the season overall.
Jeff" is the eleventh episode of the fifth season of Community, and the 95th episode overall in the series.
"The Alliance" was viewed by an estimated 5.4 million viewers and received a 2.4/6% rating share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49.
Stigma is an episode of the BBC's A Ghost Story for Christmas series, made in 1977.
It was dedicated to Ralph Vicinanza, an executive producer who died of natural causes.
While negotiating with one of the factions, they discover that the faction's representative is Tasha's younger sister, Ishara.
The episode featured guest performances by Dwayne Johnson, Adrianne Palicki, and Rick Pasqualone, along with several recurring guest voice actors for the series.
"Badlaa" is a "Monster-of-the-Week" story, unconnected to the series' wider mythology.
"Mafia" is the 6th episode of the sixth season of the U.S. comedy series The Office and the show's 106th episode overall.
The episode was the second in the series to have been directed by someone not affiliated with the series.
The episode was directed by Laurence Bourne and written by Malcolm Hulke.
"Shadowboxing" is the eighth episode of the fourth season of the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes and sixty-seventh episode overall.
Its kicks the real-war parallels into high gear, and begins to darken its view of human nature significantly."
The episode received mainly positive reviews from critics, with IGN giving the episode 7.8 out of 10, and The A.V.
Meanwhile, Keith finds the official police report of Dean O'Dell's death.
"iParty with Victorious" is a 2011 special 90-minute television movie crossover episode of the television series iCarly and Victorious.
"Zero Hour" takes place shortly after the promotion of main character Jack O'Neill from Colonel to Brigadier General.
"Customer Loyalty" is the twelfth episode of the ninth season of the American comedy television series The Office.
Written by Julian Jones and directed by James Hawes, the episode was first broadcast on BBC One on 20 September 2008.
"Dinner Party" received largely positive reviews from critics, with many hailing it as one of the series' best entries.
A champion drag racer collapses after a race and Foreman is sure it is only heat stroke.
This episode is #78 on the TV Guide list of TV's Top 100 Episodes of all time.
The episode is a retelling and parody of the film The Empire Strikes Back, recasting characters from Family Guy into roles from the film.
Angela Bassett, Gabourey Sidibe and Danny Huston guest star as Marie Laveau, Queenie, and the Axeman, respectively.
It was produced by Tiger Aspect Productions.
"Rat Saw God" is the sixth episode of the second season of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars, and the twenty-eighth episode overall.
"Jump the Shark" is the fifteenth episode of the ninth season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files.
Meanwhile, Jack Shephard attempts to convince Richard Alpert that they have a purpose.
"Midnight" is the eighteenth episode of the first season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe.
It originally aired on 10 November 2008 in Australia on the SBS The episode is rated MA 15+.
After Agent Spender dismisses the assignment as irrelevant to the X-Files, Mulder and Scully steal the case and investigate the creature.
It was written by staff member Steven Maeda, was directed by Rod Hardy, and forms part of the series' overarching mythology.
"Katie and Emily" featured numerous cameo appearances by the series' crew members and the winners of various Skins-related competitions.
They raise the cash from a generous donation by Mr. Waterman and organize the team on time.
It was written by Mark Schwahn and directed by Greg Prange.
Convictions is an episode from the third season of the science-fiction television series Babylon 5.
"ZZZZZ" is an episode of the original The Outer Limits television show.
"Pilot" is the first episode of season one and the pilot of the science fiction television series The 4400.
It is the second of a two-part story, following "Silence in the Library".
The episode features a kiss between Michael and Oscar.
It originally aired on October 22, 2009 on NBC.
It received largely positive reviews from critics.
"In Buddy's Eyes" is the 82nd episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.
It is the fourth largest city in the country, after Casablanca, Fez and Rabat.
It premiered on the Fox network on January 7, 2001.
It was originally transmitted on 24 November 1972.
That, in turn, would allow him to have a literal face-to-face conversation with Picard.
The episode is also connected to the series' story arc, as the crack in the universe returns at the end of the episode.
As Elliot and Olivia investigate additional murders believed to be the work of the same killer, they uncover a plot within their own department.
It first aired on 20 August 1999, during the fifth season.
It is the 15th episode of the third season, first airing in syndication in the week of February 19, 1990.
The episode received high ratings and mainly positive reviews, with many complimenting the cameo appearances.
It correctly predicts that in 2013, the first black president of the United States will be in office.
It was written by producers Glen Morgan and James Wong, and directed by Rob Bowman.
"The Moor" is the third episode of the Showtime-Bravo!
Lawrence Montaigne portrayed the Romulan Decius in the episode "Balance of Terror", and the Vulcan Stonn in the episode "Amok Time".
It is the last of three episodes that were not broadcast in the original 2002 Fox run.
The series follows the adventures and endeavors of the title character and his various friends in the underwater city of Bikini Bottom.
Prismo tells Jake that if he can change The Lich's original wish, everything will go back to normal.
This episode was written by Brad Falchuk and directed by Michael Uppendahl.
Surgeon General is nominated by the President of the United States and confirmed by the Senate.
This cut ran approximately four minutes longer than the original airing.
The episode received generally positive reviews by critics, with many of them saying the episode was better than previous episode.
When his family finds him, he can no longer communicate intelligently.
It was written by co-creator Steven Moffat, and directed by Paul McGuigan.
Reviews of the episode were generally positive, as multiple critics praised Anna Torv's Nimoy impression as well as Joshua Jackson's reaction to it.
Written by series creator Shonda Rhimes and directed by Tony Phelan, it premiered on ABC in the United States on March 31, 2011.
"Princess Monster Wife" is the ninth episode of the fourth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time.
After the bus was unintentionally damaged in Dubai by a shipping container, Davies rewrote the script to explain the damage in the narrative.
According to Nielsen Media Research, "Christmas Scandal" was seen by 5.62 million households, the highest viewership of the season.
Special guest star Idina Menzel returns as Rachel's biological mother, Shelby Corcoran.
The episode was written by long-time Law & Order: SVU writer, Jonathan Greene and was directed by Helen Shaver.
In this episode, Emma Swan, her parents, and Neal try to find a missing Regina, while flashbacks show Baelfire's past with the Darling family.
The resolution of main character Lane Pryce's story received heavy media attention.
The episode features the last on-screen appearance of the background character Devon until the series finale.
It was first broadcast on February 1, 1988, in the United States in broadcast syndication.
Sally becomes frightened after reading stories on the Speck murders, leading her step-grandmother to educate her on the concepts of fear and defense.
The episode originally aired with the succeeding episode "Internal Affairs" on Fox in the United States on May 20, 2012.
The episode brings back elements from the series' pilot, and features ties to the MCU films.
"The Promised Land" is an episode from the police drama television series New York Undercover, and was first broadcast on February 20, 1997 on Fox.
The episode was directed by Kim Mills and written by Rex Edwards.
It premiered on Showtime on October 26, 2014.
It originally aired on ABC on March 10, 2010.
"The Best Thing That Ever Could Have Happened" is the 100th episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.
These and other popular culture differences were noted and appreciated by critics, persuading the writers to add more in the third season.
It premiered on American Broadcasting Company in the United States on October 21, 2009.
It originally aired on Channel 4 on 17 April 1998; its story continues from the previous episode, "Escape from Victory".
The conversation results in George, Jerry, Elaine, and Kramer entering into a contest to determine who can go for the longest period of time without masturbating.
This is the final episode of the seven-part story that began in the final episode of the fifth season.
It was written by series creator Tina Fey with co-executive producer John Riggi and directed by Scott Ellis.
It premiered on Eleven on 22 June 2011.
Reviewers generally praised the episode for illuminating the conflicting elements of Gwen's character and providing a central dilemma with no easy answer.
"Life Line" is the 24th episode from the sixth season of Star Trek: Voyager, the 144th episode overall.
"I'm Coming Out" is the 14th episode from the dramedy series Ugly Betty, which aired February 1, 2007.
The album was recorded over a period of two years, and was partly recorded in a cave outside of Oslo, Norway, according to frontman Emil Nikolaisen:
The Doctor Who Prom was the thirteenth concert in the 2008 Proms season, and was intended to introduce young children to the Proms.
It was originally aired on ITV on 1 January 1992.
It was written by Michael Imperioli, directed by Steve Buscemi and originally aired on October 20, 2002.
In the 12th century, the Almoravids built many madrasas and mosques in Marrakesh that bear Andalusian influences.
It originally aired on May 13, 2010.
Critics praised Milo Ventimiglia's performance and use of flashbacks but criticized Fish Mooney's storyline.
He eventually becomes reluctant to continue their relationship, however, after he discovers several health concerns that she endures and is continually harassed by his family.
After the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991, the phrase became widespread as a reference to Russian information-warfare tactics.
Peggy meets up with Abe Drexler and becomes embroiled in a political debate that could threaten her standing at the agency.
They must find the cause before scientists on a research colony suffer the same fate.
"Within" was a story milestone for the series.
Its only airing in the U.S. was on March 10, 2003, and aired in Canada on October 31, 2003.
It is the fifth episode of the show's seventh season and was broadcast on October 24, 2010.
"The Exploding Meatball Sub" is the 20th episode of the sixth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother and the 132nd episode overall.
The character of Jack Shephard is featured in the episode's flashbacks.
It is produced by Cartoon Network Studios.
"The Summer of George" is the 156th episode of the sitcom Seinfeld.
Babylon 5 is an American science fiction television series created, produced and largely written by J. Michael Straczynski.
It is a crossover featuring the Marvel comics character Ghost Rider.
The party is usually restricted to men only, but sometimes may feature female company such as strippers or topless waitresses.
15, of the American science fiction television series Star Trek.
"The Red Dot" is the 29th episode of the sitcom Seinfeld.
Buffy shows up with Xander and kills all the vampires except one; the surviving vampire reports the incident back to The Master.
It is the ninth episode of the second season.
A film adaptation, Regular Show: The Movie, premiered on November 25, 2015.
Commentators also gave the finale generally positive reviews.
It is the 13th episode of Family Guy to be aired.
"Sometimes a Great Notion" is the thirteenth episode in the fourth season of the reimagined Battlestar Galactica.
The episode was watched by 4.12 million viewers, and although it was lower than the previous episode, it received critical acclaim, with critics commenting on Mr.
"Ascension" is the sixth episode of the second season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files.
The episode was written by Scott M. Gimple and directed by Michael E. Satrazemis.
"Turn, Turn, Turn" originally aired on ABC on April 8, 2014, and according to Nielsen Media Research, was watched by 5.37 million viewers.
"The End" features the first appearance of what would become the recurring character of Diana Fowley, portrayed by Mimi Rogers.
"Cause and Effect" became Numb3rs series finale after CBS's cancellation of the series on May 19, 2010.
"Pee" served as a parody of the disaster film genre, particularly the movie 2012 which was released five days before "Pee" was broadcast.
This was the only episode of its kind, due to Detective Wheeler being on maternity leave during the final two episodes of Season 8.
Once Jim and his co-workers finish working, they find that they are locked in, and everyone quickly places the blame on Jim.
The play was highly acclaimed and ended up being published in a volume of Chayefsky's work.
In the episode, Chris falls in love with Jerome's daughter, Pam, much to her father's chagrin.
The episode was written by Eric Weinberg and directed by John Aoshima and Jansen Yee.
"Imaginary Friend" is the 22nd episode of the fifth season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, the 122nd episode overall.
In the episode, Erin Hannon works to make a spooky, non-childish Halloween party with help from Gabe Lewis.
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on May 23, 2012.
"Finding Judas" is the ninth episode of the third season of House and the fifty-fifth episode overall.
Critical responses to the episode were mostly positive; critics praised the storyline, cultural references and its assessment of the subject of abortion.
It is the thirteenth and final episode of the show's second season.
As the SVU squad try to find the missing child, they also try to solve the earlier case and learn from their mistakes.
The episode features Chris and Peter, when Peter finds out his son has a bigger penis than he does.
In this episode, the dedication of Alex to learning makes Phil and Claire question themselves.
"Out of Gas" is the eighth episode of the science fiction television series Firefly created by Joss Whedon.
In the episode, the key to the vault holding the Krabby Patty recipe gets lost and SpongeBob must locate it before the recipe is lost forever.
They also believed that the wedding would be "the perfect climax" to the character's long-running relationship and an instant ratings hit.
It is the fourth episode of the second season.
"Mother's Mercy" is the tenth and final episode of the fifth season of HBO's fantasy television series Game of Thrones, and the 50th overall.
Meanwhile at the Buy More, Morgan gets promoted, and must take on the antics of Jeff and Lester.
It originally aired on Cartoon Network on April 16, 2012.
The episode received a positive critical response, with the performance of De Caestecker praised, and the rom-com sequence featuring the character of Simmons also highlighted.
John Levene, who played Benton on Doctor Who off-and-on between 1968 and 1975, reprised the role for the film.
is an episode from the ABC comedy-drama series Ugly Betty, which aired on 20 January, 2010.
LWT broadcast the pilot on 21 September 1969.
The alien, named Arturis, was referred to as Yoda prior to being properly named.
Hot Off the Griddle is the 37th episode of the 1960s Batman television series.
It was the top-rated program of the night in the 18–49 demographic, attaining a 4.7/13 Nielsen rating/share.
Around 500 tribbles were created for the episode, with special tribbles created for certain purposes with beanbags or surgical balloons inserted in them.
Gastown, Vancouver stood in for many of the exterior shots that were supposed to be Brooklyn.
ABC initially planned not to air the episode.
Written by executive producer Diane Ruggiero and directed by John T. Kretchmer, the episode premiered on The CW on October 10, 2006.
The episode was written by Michael Hitchcock and directed by Eric Stoltz, and originally aired on Fox in the United States on November 15, 2011.
In it, Jerry Seinfeld tries to avoid meeting an old childhood friend, Joel Horneck.
The 105th episode of the series overall, it first aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 11, 2001.
"Goodbye Iowa" is the 14th episode of season 4 of the television show Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
The lyrics describe the protagonist's attempt to remind her boyfriend of the good times of their relationship.
"Sarek" received Nielsen ratings of 10.6 percent; it was praised by critics, who lauded the performances of both Lenard and Stewart.
"Heart's Desire" is an episode of The Outer Limits television show.
McKern's Number Two would return for the last two episodes of the series.
It originally aired on the American Broadcasting Company in the United States on November 3, 2010.
"My Own Private Rodeo" is the 18th episode of the sixth season of the American animated television series King of the Hill.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files.
Several of the sequences, specifically those featuring the souls of dead children, required elaborate filming techniques.
In this episode, Veronica tries to clear the coach's son, Josh of charges of his murder.
"What's My Line" is a two-episode story in season two of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
It is the twenty-second episode of the show's fifth season and aired on May 10, 2009.
Having made a year-long demonic pact in the previous season finale, Dean has just one day left to live.
It is also the seventeenth episode of the show's third season.
Simon Tam finds an uneasy haven in a remote village, but River's uncanny perceptions jeopardize the Tams' temporary safety.
The episode was watched by 6.09 million viewers but received mixed reviews, mostly for lack of character development.
It was directed by Stephen Lee Davis, and written by Vali Chandrasekaran & Jon Haller.
Yankovic's involvement in the episode was the result of interactions on Twitter between him and Jayson Thiessen.
The episode is written by Nick Santora & Karyn Usher, and directed by Karen Gaviola.
"The Bone Scatterer" is the fifth episode of the television series Miracles.
It was first broadcast on 3 April 1998.
"Chimera" is the sixteenth episode of the seventh season of the science fiction television series The X-Files.
It was first broadcast on The CW on February 7, 2008.
"The Ladies Who Lunch" is the 16th episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.
The episode achieved 9.619 million viewers on first broadcast, and 4.2 million when the director's cut version aired.
Perlman's character would become the series' chief antagonist, and would reappear in several fourth and fifth season episodes.
It premiered on ABC in the United States on November 18, 2009.
The show ended up returning for a ninth season.
An extended version of the film was released as a bonus on the show's season 8 DVD on 1 September 2009.
Critical response was mostly positive, with reporters praising the script and the striptease routine.
In November 2014, the network renewed the series for seasons 7 and 8, with each season consisting of eight episodes.
Written by Tracey Stern and directed by David Straiton, it originally broadcast on November 16, 1999 on the WB network.
"Family Goy" is the second episode of the eighth season of the animated comedy series Family Guy.
Upon the segment's initial release, it went viral on YouTube and Facebook.
Written by Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa and directed by Bradley Buecker, it aired on Fox in the United States on March 14, 2013.
The two eventually discover a mutant killer who is extracting the body fat from his victims after seducing them over online chat rooms.
On the day of its airing, it was seen by 2.5 million viewers and ranked as the second-highest rated Cartoon Network series.
Peter Mehlman and Jill Franklyn were nominated for an Emmy for Outstanding Writing in a Comedy Series in 1997.
Katherine Heigl was absent from the episode, as she was filming the 2010 blockbuster Life as We Know It.
It was aired on May 3, 2012.
It was written by James Wong and directed by Bradley Buecker.
The episode received positive critical reviews, with one reviewer drawing comparisons with the film It's a Wonderful Life.
The episode originally aired on NBC in the United States on January 12, 2012.
It first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on October 19, 2011.
Dr Helm realises The Queen is not as bad as she is painted.
"Cocktails" is the eighteenth episode of the third season of the US version of The Office, and the show's forty-sixth episode overall.
It was broadcast on BBC One on 12 April 2008.
It was nominated for multiple Primetime Emmy Awards, but was criticized as "insulting" by a national intersex education group.
Squilliam offers to let Squidward and his band cover for him at the Bubble Bowl.
The episode also parodies the CNBC series Mad Money, as well as the online chat website Chatroulette, and the social network game FarmVille.
Peter decides to build a multiplex to top Joe's new home theater, but comes across an Indian skull in his backyard and desecrates it.
Tie-in promotions were made with Burger King, which released a series of toys based on the episode.
Goyer also directed the episode, which originally aired in the United States on ABC on September 24, 2009.
Both Walter Murphy and MacFarlane were recognized for their work on the music and lyrics.
"Eternity" is episode 17 of season 1 in the television show Angel, originally broadcast on the WB television network.
"The Pilot" is the first episode of the American television situation comedy Everybody Loves Raymond.
The exams results are in and Alex is throwing the mother of all leaving parties.
It was broadcast live on 4 August 2013 on BBC One, BBC America, Space and ABC1 in the United Kingdom, United States, Canada and Australia, respectively.
It was written by Linda Bloodworth and Mary Kay Place and directed by Hy Averback.
The episode premiered on the Disney Channel on November 7, 2010.
The teleplay is written by Burton Armus, based on a story by Armus, Wanda M. Haight and Gregory W. Amos, and directed by Rob Bowman.
A resistance movement is trying to drive the Cylons away.
"The Patron of the Arts" is the fourteenth episode of the BBC comedy series Yes, Prime Minister and was first broadcast 14 January 1988.
Captain Donald Cragen, Sergeant John Munch and Detective Olivia Benson realise the case echoes a similar kidnapping in the same neighborhood 13 years prior.
The episode was written and directed by co-creator Trey Parker and was rated TV-MA L in the United States.
Guest stars in this episode include James Marsden, Mary Steenburgen, and Kristen Schaal.
Respectively, both are the fourth and fifth episode of their season, and they premiered in the United States on Fox on November 4 and 11, 2007.
Their leader, Pope, is taken into custody.
Reaction to "These Are the Voyages..." was negative.
"A Ward Show" is the third episode of the eighth season of the animated comedy series American Dad!.
First aired on June 24, 2012, it was written by Raelle Tucker and directed by David Petrarca.
While producing the episode, the actual "Dumb Starbucks" location provoked real international media coverage.
"Signs and Wonders" earned a Nielsen household rating of 8.5, being watched by 13.86 million people in its initial broadcast.
The episode is a "Monster-of-the-Week" story, unconnected to the series' wider mythology.
After Mulder's regression scene, he details all of his past lives.
Jimmy finds himself at odds with Derek regarding Hit List.
"The Jungle" is the twenty-seventh episode of the American television drama series The Killing, which aired on June 2, 2013, as the third season's premiere.
The pilot had a mixed to positive reception and was seen by about 1.1 million viewers when airing.
"What Kate Did" is the 34th episode of Lost.
It first aired on 21 September 1974 on ITV.
It premiered on the National Broadcasting Company on November 9, 1984.
It premiered on the Fox network in the United States on May 7, 2000.
This episode debuted the week before the official start of the 1984–85 United States network television season.
The episode received mixed reviews with some of the reviewers criticizing the amnesia storyline.
It originally aired on May 7, 1987 on NBC.
In some disciplines, such as medicinal drug testing, blind experiments are considered essential.
"Reptile Boy" is episode five of season two of Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
However, the night out slowly becomes silly and depressing due to alcohol, and Troy is forced to become the adult for the night.
The episode also features the short song "Bacon Pancakes", which has since become a fan favorite.
It is the 110th episode overall and was first released on Yahoo!
"Secretary's Day" is the 22nd episode of the sixth season of the U.S. comedy series The Office and the show's 122nd episode overall.
Mose was based on an actual person, with the same name, on the UPN reality show Amish in the City.
"Barge of the Dead" is an episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Voyager.
It was met with rave reviews, with many commentators calling it the best episode of the season so far.
It originally aired on November 30, 1994, in the United States.
"My Future Self 'n' Me" is episode 95 of the Comedy Central series South Park.
It premiered on the Fox network on February 17, 1995.
Cross was asked to write the episode after the success of scripting and shooting "Hide", a later episode.
Critics also praised Carell's cameo, with many arguing that it was perfectly executed.
The episode received mixed reviews from critics.
In addition to the guest stars who appeared in "Affliction", they were joined by Wayne Grace as Admiral Krell.
is the 23rd episode of the eighth season, and the 175th episode overall, of the American animated television series SpongeBob SquarePants.
It was written by series creator and executive producer Kyle Killen and staff writer Noelle Valdivia, and was directed by Scott Winant.
It originally aired on FX in the United States on May 1, 2013.
The episode was broadcast on BBC One, PBS and Channel One on 1 January 2016.
It was the first episode to be directed by Marvin V. Rush, the director of photography, and was written by Michel Horvat.
However, the series proved too profitable for Fox and a sixth season was ordered.
It aired on Fox in the United States on November 13, 2005, and is written by Carter Bays and Craig Thomas and directed by Anthony Lioi.
It was the second episode of the 1996 Christmas trilogy and the fourteenth Christmas special, first screened on 27 December 1996.
Chordin is also involved in avian gastrulation.
The other nine nominated pictures were Decision Before Dawn, A Place in the Sun, Quo Vadis and A Streetcar Named Desire.
No official release date for either project has been given since the death of Jackson in June 2009, by either Schaffel or Jackson's estate.
It was the fourth episode of series 3, and was first broadcast on 1 December 1983.
"The Vest" is the eleventh episode of the first season of the psychological thriller TV series Homeland.
Critics also enjoyed the further revelations about Olivia's background; the subject would later have an entire episode devoted to it in the third season.
This was the series' only two-part episode.
Ed Wynn was signed to play the lead in a rare non-comedy role.
The Replicators and the Asgard character Thor were computer-animated for parts of the episode.
The episode was written by Bill Wrubel and directed by Beth McCarthy-Miller.
The indefinite fate of Glenn was highlighted by several critics.
The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company in the United States on January 22, 2009.
'The Black Book is a 2006 episode of STV's Rebus television series.
It originally aired on CBS in the United States on October 9, 2012.
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, and the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work.
The episode was originally broadcast on the American Broadcasting Company in the United States on September 24, 2009.
It originally aired on October 1, 2007.
"Moe n' Joe" is the seventy-fifth episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and the tenth of the show's sixth season.
To complete the episode in time for sweeps, the final script was finished by a team of five writers.
"Excellence in Broadcasting" was released on DVD along with three other episodes from the season on December 13, 2011.
Meanwhile, Frank is found by his lost love.
The episode was the 22nd episode of the third season.
"Truth Be Told" received positive reviews from television critics.
Along with its continuation, "The Family of Blood", it was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, Short Form in 2008.
In the episode, Jeff meets up with an old friend and colleague from his law firm, Alan, a spineless unprincipled character.
As the universe is collapsing, the Doctor uses time travel to solve these problems and ultimately reboot the universe.
"Couplet" is episode 14 of season 3 in the television show Angel.
This episode first aired in the United States on Sunday, August 5, 2007.
"Home is the Sailor" is the sixth-season premiere of the American television sitcom Cheers.
"Bash" is the fifteenth episode of the fifth season of the American musical television series Glee, and the 103rd episode overall.
"Rude Removal" is a cartoon segment originally produced for the animated television series Dexter's Laboratory for Cartoon Network.
"The Man in the Wall" is the sixth episode of the first season of the television series, Bones.
It was the third of five pre-series movies so it may be considered part of the TV series Hercules: The Legendary Journeys.
Oscar helps her spy on her husband at his yoga class.
Meanwhile, a security breach is being suspected after young Ben has disappeared.
It received a 3.4/9 in the 18-49 demographic according to Nielsen Media Research.
Their engagement causes Ted to think about marriage and finding his soul mate, much to the disgust of his self-appointed best friend Barney Stinson.
"The Couch" is the 91st episode of NBC sitcom Seinfeld.
It aired as the third episode of the season on June 7, 1990.
"The Burning Beekeeper" is the 15th episode of the seventh season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother, and the 151st episode overall.
The episode has received mixed to positive reviews from critics, and was viewed by approximately 6.5 million households in its initial broadcast.
Television critics were largely positive towards the episode, particularly Carell's "Prison Mike" sequence as well as Helms' performance as Andy Bernard.
Since then the phrase has been used in various contexts.
The series finale closes several long-running storylines.
Both ABC and the producers refer to these scenes as "flash sideways".
The episode was storyboarded by Seo Kim and Somvilay Xayaphone, from a story by Kent Osborne, Pendleton Ward, Jack Pendarvis, and Adam Muto.
In its original American broadcast on October 13, 2010, "It's a Jersey Thing" was watched by 3.253 million viewers, according to the Nielsen Media Research.
It won a Peabody Award in 2006.
Enter Q, who offers to do Captain Picard a favor by getting him and his ladylove back together again.
Meanwhile, Callie is expected to take over as the leader of Hell from her father, but is unwilling to do so.
The season was met with mixed reviews.
The episode first aired on April 15, 2011 in the United States on the Fox network.
Both episodes are written by Donald Bellisario, the show's creator and executive producer at the time.
Hoshi is on an away mission which requires teleportation for evacuation.
Lead actress Anna Torv submitted the episode for consideration at the 63rd Primetime Emmy Awards, but failed to receive a nomination.
It was first screened on 30 September 2005, as the fourth episode of series one.
Along the way he gets help from his ex-girlfriend and a retired Navy SEAL, and grief from his mother, who is unaware of his career.
It first aired on November 27, 1991.
The episode was written by Jonathan Brackley and Sam Vincent, and directed by Bharat Nalluri.
"A Very Glee Christmas" is the tenth episode of the second season of the American musical television series Glee, and the thirty-second episode overall.
In the episode, after Rupert is recalled, Stewie and Brian head on an adventure to reclaim Stewie's best friend.
"Tempus Fugit" is the seventeenth episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files.
Due to his horrible advice they crash into a satellite dish, knocking out the city's cable.
By the time they return to Bristol, everything has changed...
The episode originally aired on the AMC channel in the United States on August 23, 2007.
Meanwhile, the Echolls family deal's with Trina's domestic abuse, and Weevil gets arrested for breaking into the Kane home.
This episode, unlike many others, does not end with the phrase ' Yes Minister '.
The episode was written by Paul Tibbitt, Ennio Torresan, Jr., and David Fain, and the animation was directed by Tom Yasumi.
As the series starts, the Babylon 5 station is welcoming ambassadors from various races in the galaxy.
"Human Trials" is an episode of The Outer Limits television series.
"Born Again" was written by Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa, and directed by Jerrold Freedman.
It was written by series creator and executive producer Matthew Weiner and Tracy McMillan, and directed by Michael Uppendahl.
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on January 22, 2009.
I Wanna Be Suspended is the 3rd episode of season one of the television sitcom Grounded for Life.
It originally aired on January 24, 2010, on ABC.
The 19th episode of the eighth season, it aired on April 24, 1997.
Set in the 22nd century, the series follows the adventures of the first Starfleet starship Enterprise, registration NX-01.
"I Take Thee Quagmire" is the 21st episode of season four of Family Guy, originally broadcast March 12, 2006 on Fox.
It was shown on BBC One on 23 November 2013, in both 2D and 3D.
The episode aired on September 27, 2007 in the United States on the American Broadcasting Company, with an approximated 20.93 million viewers tuning in.
As the study group try to escape, the Dean locks the doors, trapping them inside with the infected.
"Welcome to the Hellmouth" received a Nielsen rating of 3.4 upon its original airing and received largely positive reviews from critics.
The episode guest stars Kathy Bates as Jo Bennett, Evan Peters as Luke Cooper, and Hugh Dane as Hank.
"Grave New World" was watched by 3.18 million viewers and garnered a 1.4 rating, even with the previous episode and up from last year’s Halloween episode.
"Unity" is the 17th episode of the third season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Voyager, the 59th episode overall.
The episode is co-written by executive producers Nicole Yorkin and Dawn Prestwich and directed by Phil Abraham.
They decided against it, however, as they felt that jokes about President Bush had been "done to death".
"Future Tense" is the forty-second episode of the television series Star Trek: Enterprise, the sixteenth of the second season.
Further broadcasts of this episode, including VHS and DVD release, were edited down to the conventional 50 minute size.
In the US, the episode was watched by 26.8 million viewers, and was the highest-rated scripted TV broadcast in three years.
The title of this episode refers to the Radiohead song "Fake Plastic Trees" from their album The Bends.
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the crew of the Starfleet starship Enterprise-D.
The episode was written by Tracey Stern and was directed by Fred Gerber.
The Twilight Zone is a revival of Rod Serling's original 1959–64 television series.
It aired originally on the Sci Fi Channel on August 5, 2005.
These episodes also mark the first episode where Stockard Channing is added to opening credits, marking that she became a regular character this season.
A Hell of a Woman is a 1954 novel by Jim Thompson.
This happens because, after the material reaches the surface, its lighter components vaporize, leaving only the thick asphalt.
It was first broadcast on 23 January 1998, as the first episode of the fourth season.
"Intro to Knots" is the tenth episode of the fourth season of the NBC sitcom Community, which originally aired on April 18, 2013.
In the episode, Bonnie and Lois take a little trip to Paris where Bonnie crosses the line.
"Home" marks the return of writers Morgan and Wong, who left the show following its second season.
"Valentine's Day" is the sixteenth episode of the second season of the American comedy television series The Office, and the show's twenty-second episode overall.
All the kids are gathered at Jay's house for a sleepover, in a night that Jay calls "Jay's night".
Written by series creator Hart Hanson and directed by Tony Wharmby, the episode was first aired on August 30, 2006 on the FOX Network.
The episode was written by Glen Morgan and James Wong, and directed by Thomas J. Wright.
Despite being planned as an inexpensive bottle episode, the special sets and shots using starship miniatures caused the episode to go over budget.
"Blood Fever" is the 58th episode of Star Trek: Voyager, the 16th episode of the third season.
It originally aired on ABC on 20 October 1962.
"Plan B" is the seventeenth episode of the second season of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars, and the thirty-ninth episode overall.
The episode also marked the first of five guest appearances by Pauley Perrette as Drew's groupie girlfriend Darcy.
It originally aired on January 6, 1961 on CBS.
The episode was positively received by television critics, with one believing it was one of the best of the season.
Marrakesh is the setting of the third episode of the 2016 video game Hitman.
Also, in the end, Emma, her parents, Regina, Robin, Henry, and Mr. Gold go to the Underworld to bring back Hook.
The episode is co-written by Jeremy Doner and Soo Hugh and is directed by Keith Gordon.
It aired on May 16, 2001, as an hour-long special.
After a five episode absence, the opening credits are played in their entirety.
Written by Howard Gordon and directed by Nick Marck, it was originally broadcast on February 29, 2000 on the WB television network.
The previous episode ended with Nate Ryan cutting the phone line after stowing aboard the Amanda to locate an incriminating laptop threatening his business plans.
"The Uncle Devil Show" is the second segment of the tenth episode from the first season of the television series The Twilight Zone.
It was originally aired May 17, 2010.
The episode received largely positive reviews from critics, and was nominated for both an Annie Award and an Annecy International Animated Film Festival Award.
The episodes were written by Joseph Mallozzi, Paul Mullie, Executive producers Brad Wright and Robert C. Cooper, the episodes were directed by Peter DeLuise.
The episode amassed record ratings, thus becoming the highest-rated cable program demographically of all time, an accolade that was previously held by "Nebraska."
"Traitor" is the 29th episode of Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons, a British 1960s Supermarionation television series co-created by Gerry and Sylvia Anderson.
The screenplay was written by Christopher Penfold; the director was Charles Crichton.
Romy Rosemont returns as Finn's mother, Carole Hudson.
The episode was directed by Stephen Williams and written by Steven Maeda and Leonard Dick.
The episode was aired on April 6, 2010, on ABC in the United States.
"Symphony of Illumination" is the 12th episode of the seventh season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother, and the 148th episode overall.
Guest stars included real-life sideshow performers Jim Rose and The Enigma, as well as actors Michael J. Anderson and Vincent Schiavelli.
"Long Weekend" is the tenth episode of the first season of the American television drama series Mad Men.
It aired on October 7, 2015, on the cable network FX.
In "Dead End", Lindsey receives a new hand from Wolfram & Hart, which appears to have an evil agenda of its own.
"City Of" is the series premiere of the television series Angel.
Beginning in the 17th century, the city became popular among Sufi pilgrims for Morocco's seven patron saints, who are entombed here.
Series creator Rob Thomas pointed out Logan and Piz's fight scene as one of the highlights of the episode and the season.
The episode received generally mixed reviews, with several commentators calling professional wrestling too easy a target for South Park satire.
It first aired in broadcast syndication on February 22, 1988.
The episode aired on March 23, 2010.
It was originally released on May 6, 1991, in broadcast syndication.
"A Tree Grows in Guadalajara" is the 22nd episode from the dramedy series Ugly Betty, which aired on May 10, 2007.
Tony also has to deal with many familial concerns involving his wife Carmela, son A.J., and daughter Meadow.
TV Guide listed "Bad News" in its list of 2011's Top TV Episodes.
“Official Secrets” is the tenth episode of the BBC comedy series Yes, Prime Minister and was first broadcast 10 December 1987.
"School Reunion" is the third episode in the second series of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
"Grace Note" is the second segment of the twenty-third episode of the first season of the television series The Twilight Zone.
"She Wants Revenge" is the ninth episode of the fifth season of the anthology television series, American Horror Story.
It was also one of the few American TV productions of the time telecast in the UK, in 1956.
Research reveals she and several other women bear the spawn of a Haxil Beast that uses men as sexual surrogates.
Hot Snow is the pilot episode of the 1960s cult British spy-fi television series The Avengers, starring Ian Hendry and Patrick Macnee.
The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company network in the United States on May 3, 2012.
It premiered to mostly positive reviews on February 4, 2010 in the United States, earning an estimated 7.76 million viewers.
Mitchell and Cameron freak out after Lily gets her first bump on the head.
At a fraternity party, Buffy and Riley are compelled to have sex by a mystical influence.
There are cameos by Gilbert Gottfried, Martin Scorsese, and Christopher Walken, though, the three did not appear as themselves, but provided their voices in the episode.
"Lucky" is the 16th episode of the first season of the CW television series The Secret Circle, and the series' 16th episode overall.
"Time Squared" is the 13th episode of the second season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, the 39th episode overall.
"Basics" comprises the 42nd and 43rd episodes of the American science fiction television Star Trek: Voyager, the cliffhanger between the second season and the third season.
"'Lamentation" is the eighteenth episode of the first season of the American crime-thriller television series Millennium.
It premiered on the Fox network on February 24, 1995.
This episode marks Jonathan Banks's final appearance as a series regular.
The episode was directed by Stephen Williams, and written by Carlton Cuse and Damon Lindelof.
Manish Malhotra is an Indian fashion designer.
The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company network in the United States on December 6, 2012.
The USS Enterprise-J appeared in this episode, based on designs by Doug Drexler.
"The Brain Center at Whipple's" is episode 153 of the American television series The Twilight Zone.
The episode was viewed by an estimated audience of 316,000, and became the second-highest rated program to ever air on The Hub.
It aired on October 6, 2013 in the United States on Showtime.
It first aired in the United States on November 2, 1995.
The episode title itself is an allusion to the film with the similar name.
It also marks the first appearance of the 'ad-beginners' the glyphs that appear before each act break and at the end decoded they spell BISHOP
"Sense and Senility" is the fourth episode of the third series of the BBC sitcom Blackadder.
Upon airing, the episode was watched by 11.89 million viewers with a 2.2/6 ratings share.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files.
The story was originally developed with the title "Where None Have Gone Before" and was based on Diane Duane's book, The Wounded Sky.
Patrick then runs to tell Mr. Krabs with SpongeBob trying to stop him.
The episode continues on from Season Four's finale — "The Last Man" — on a series of story arcs based around Wraith character "Michael".
"Hole" is the first episode of the third series of British television sitcom, Bottom.
It aired for one season on the UPN network, with actor Forest Whitaker assuming Serling's role as narrator and on-screen host.
Many of the episode's special effects were created without elaborate computer-generated effects.
The film was Gentle's only starring role, and her penultimate film appearance.
It originally aired on May 14, 2006.
It was written by Robin Green and Mitchell Burgess, directed by Mike Figgis and originally aired on May 9, 2004.
"Puppet Master" is the seventh episode of the fifth season of the American musical television series Glee, and the ninety-fifth episode overall.
The episode earned a Nielsen rating of 9.5 and was watched by 15.87 million viewers, marking a slight increase from the previous season's finale "Requiem".
The episode was written and directed by series creator David Renwick, who chose to revive the show as a means of delaying his retirement.
The episode tells the story of Martha, a young woman whose boyfriend Ash is killed in a car accident.
"Ambergris" is the 18th episode of the fourth season of the American animated comedy series Bob's Burgers, and the 63rd episode overall.
According to the BARB figures this episode was seen by 6.97 million viewers and was the seventeenth most popular broadcast on British television in that week.
Lee Adama also encounters Kara Thrace, who was thought to have been killed in "Maelstrom" and claims to know where Earth is.
The episode premiered in the United States on NBC on September 23, 2013.
Then it shows a demonstration of how music was synchronized into cartoons in the early days of the cinema.
In this episode, Mulder is asked by his old partner from the Behavioral Analysis Unit to aid an investigation into a murder at a software company.
The episode was written by Carlton Cuse and Jeff Pinkner and was directed by Stephen Williams.
In order to do this, the script was written so that Mulder suspected the wrong individual.
"Marionette" is the ninth episode of the third season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe.
Adding to their difficulty is the presence of the Klingons, whose sole desire is obtaining what they need through guile and/or violence.
FBI agent Elizabeth Santoro insists that he is dead, as she killed him herself after he had committed a huge crime.
"A Pig-Boy and His Dog" is the 13th episode of The Critic.
"Paper Dove" featured guest appearances by Barbara Williams and Mike Starr.
The episode originally aired on Fox in the United States on April 1, 2001.
"Go God Go" is the twelfth episode in the tenth season of the American animated television series South Park.
The teleplays were written by Anya Epstein and David Simon, based on a story by Tom Fontana, Julie Martin and James Yoshimura.
The episode was released on DVD on July 19, 2008, packaged with the third season set.
It originally aired on CBS in the United States on November 20, 2012.
Retrospective reviews have been more negative, with the episode now being remembered as one of the worst series finales of all time.
"Our Bounties Ourselves" is the third episode of the first season of the comedic sword and sorcery series Kröd Mändoon and the Flaming Sword of Fire.
In the episode, Jimmy searches for a daycare center for Hope.
It was co-written by series story editor Matt Pitts and DC Comics' Nicole Phillips based on a story by co-producer Graham Roland.
Meanwhile, Lester Nygaard tries to implicate someone else for the murders of his wife and Chief Thurman, while Stavros Milos's torments come to an unforeseen conclusion.
"The Collection" is the third episode of NBC's second season of 30 Rock, and the twenty-fourth episode overall.
It was first broadcast on July 12, 2013, on the Disney Channel.
Stuttering is sometimes popularly seen as a symptom of anxiety, but there is actually no direct correlation in that direction.
This is the first episode to be directed by Andy Ackerman.
The 257th episode overall, it was written and directed by series co-creator and co-star Trey Parker.
The episode received largely positive reviews from television critics.
In 2013, NYC & Company, New York City's official tourism organization, named it the "New Yorkiest" episode of the series.
Michael Scott cannot handle the fact that the office workers think of Gabe as their boss instead of him.
His target: a bragging Mickey McGinnes and his brother Sean.
"Fart-Break Hotel" is the ninth episode of the seventh season of American Dad!.
"Hell Bound" is episode 4 of season 5 in the television show Angel, originally broadcast on the WB network.
The series saw lower ratings in the sixth season.
When writing the episode, Carter wanted to tie up loose ends from the previous seasons.
Pemberton and Shearsmith revisited and modified the script during the writing process for Inside No.
team up with the SVU in "Chicago Crossover".
"Hounded" is the sixth episode of the third season and 25th episode overall of the post-apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead.
"The Millennium" is the 154th episode of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld.
"Fall" is the Tenth episode of the fourth season of the American fantasy drama series Once Upon a Time, which aired on November 30, 2014.
It is unclear who deserves credit for the phrasing in common use today.
The Federation starship USS Voyager becomes trapped in an enormous space dwelling "pitcher plant".
The pilot episode, also known as Northwest Passage, of the mystery television series Twin Peaks premiered on the ABC Network on Sunday, April 8, 1990.
In the episode, after Roger and Francine are mugged, Roger enters the police academy and falls in with a corrupt cop.
This was the last episode to be aired until April 2007, when the series picked up once again to finish the season.
"Johnny Cakes" is the seventy-third episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and the eighth of the show's sixth season.
In this episode, the coven is visited by the Council of Witchcraft after they are notified of Madison's disappearance.
Scott Bakula guest-starred as himself in a live-action cutaway.
In "Never Been Kissed", the glee club members are assigned a boys against girls singing competition.
"The Chase" is the sixteenth episode of the sixth season of the American comedy-drama series, Desperate Housewives, and the 127th overall episode of the series.
This episode followed the intended season finale, "Chuck Versus the Push Mix", making it the first of an additional eleven episodes ordered.
The season averaged 3.12 million viewers per episode and a 0.8 Nielsen rating.
Dutch Genderson is a clear spoof on the James Bond character Ernst Stavro Blofeld.
Adrian Monk finally discovers his wife Trudy's murderer after twelve years of searching, concluding a seven-year, eight-season long arc.
The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company in the United States on February 26, 2009.
Written by Richard Price from a story by Ed Burns & Richard Price, and directed by Seith Mann, it originally aired on September 24, 2006.
The episode features guest performances of Diane Delano, John DiMaggio and J.K. Simmons.
The special is 90 minutes long, around twice the length of a normal episode.
Meanwhile, with Mercer imprisoned for the campus rapes, Veronica tries to find the truth.
After its first broadcast, "Traitor's Gate" was seen by 6 million viewers, the lowest ratings in the first series.
However, the father who is responsible still commands respect and political connections in the area, making the case a difficult one.
It aired on Fox in the United States on February 8, 2015.
"Orpheus Descending" is the thirteenth episode of the American television drama series The Killing, which aired on June 19, 2011.
The writers of TGS with Tracy Jordan argue as they suspect one of them made the comment.
"Competition Time" is the fourth episode of the Channel 4 sitcom Father Ted.
The episode name refers to the Greek legend of dragon's teeth, where the teeth of a slain dragon were sown into the battlefield.
If a man can write a better book, preach a better sermon, or make a better mousetrap than his neighbor ...
It aired in the United States on NBC on April 29, 2010.
The episode marked the series' return to television following a five-year hiatus, and saw the return of Alan Davies as the show's titular sleuth.
"Villains" is the eighth episode of the third season of the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes and forty-second episode overall.
"The Tip-Off" is the third episode of series seven of the British espionage television series Spooks, and the 59th episode overall.
Written by Brent Forrester and directed by Michael Spiller, the episode aired February 3, 2011 on NBC.
The episode is based on the short story written by Bentley Little.
Banks later returned as Mike for the Breaking Bad prequel spin-off, Better Call Saul, and currently stars as a series regular.
It was written by executive producer Joss Whedon and directed by John T. Kretchmer.
Meanwhile, Peter discovers Chris being tormented by a bully, goes to the bully's house to speak with him, and ends up beating him up.
Others noted Tyreese's death as shocking and well-handled.
It is a sequel to the season 13 episode "The Coon", and is the first part of a three-part story.
"Schizogeny", written by first-year staff writers Scott and Wollaeger, became humorously known as "The Killer Tree Episode" amongst the cast and crew.
Previous titles include "The Second Sex" and "The Other Enemy".
Constituting the 100th and 101st overall episodes of the series, they were written by the creator Philip Rosenthal and directed by Gary Halvorson.
In "Thrilla in the Villa", Kröd and his friends battle the evil Dongalor, who has finally activated his ancient weapon, the Eye of Gulga Grymna.
It premiered on March 21, 2013 in the U.S.
"The One with the Girl Who Hits Joey" is the fifteenth episode of Friends' fifth season, and the 112th overall.
It is the fifth story of the fourth series.
"Love Hurts" is the twentieth episode of the first season of House, which premiered on the Fox network on May 10, 2005.
The episode — written by Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz — was watched by 7.55 million viewers, and received generally positive reviews from critics.
The episode was written by the series' creators David Benioff and D. B. Weiss, and directed by Miguel Sapochnik, his directorial debut for the series.
"Jacksonville" is the 15th episode of the second season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe, and the 35th episode overall.
It was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Makeup for a Series.
This episode presents the Tellerite aliens, seen previously in Journey to Babel of the original series and there is Pon Farr sub-plot with T'Pol.
The episode was written by John Pardee and Joey Murphy and was directed by Wendey Stanzler.
After much deliberation, Conrad decides to attend the nuptials, where she reconciles with Montag after being estranged with one another since the third season.
"Backwash" is the seventh episode of the second season of the HBO original series The Wire.
The episode was written by Aaron Shure and directed by Randall Einhorn.
"Sons of Mars" is the fifteenth episode of the fourth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time.
American journalists had in the past covered "bubble boys" who lived in quarantine due to an immune deficiency.
It was the fifth episode of series 6, and was first broadcast on 5 February 1989.
At 92:38 minutes, "The Sandkings" is twice the normal length of other episodes in the series.
The complete second season was released on Region 1 DVD on October 2, 2007.
"Space Cadet" is the ninth episode of the eleventh season and the 197th overall episode of the animated comedy series Family Guy.
She eventually goes to the hospital and gives birth to a daughter, Cecelia Marie Halpert.
It was aired on December 5, 2011, on the CW.
Whenever Dan is alone with any member of his deaf family, he would only sign and not use his voice.
As this is the Thanksgiving special episode, the episode centers around the main characters' celebration of and activity during Thanksgiving.
"Bombshell" is the fifteenth episode and first season finale of the American television series, Smash.
In this episode, the Enterprise must battle the Borg who are intent on conquering Earth, with a captured and assimilated Captain Picard as their emissary.
In this episode, Emma Swan, her parents, Regina, Henry, and Hook try to stop Greg and Tamara, while flashbacks show Hook's past with Baelfire.
The first part, "Bad Wolf", was broadcast on 11 June.
The episode was written by executive producer Bob Daily and directed by David Grossman.
"Debate 109" is the ninth episode of the first season of the American comedy television series Community.
"Abyssinia, Henry" is the 72nd episode of the M*A*S*H television series, and the final episode of the series' third season.
The teleplay was written by David Weddle and Bradley Thompson, based on a story by Philip Kim, and directed by Steve Posey.
The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company network in the United States on March 29, 2012.
It serves as a satire of pop culture criticism, and mocks people who find hidden messages in works which are ironically unnecessary.
In the episode, a naval commander is found dead in his rack aboard ship, apparently murdered.
The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company network in the United States on March 22, 2012, immediately after the previous episode, "Grandmentor".
In April 2014 Stephen Colbert was chosen to replace David Letterman as the host of Late Show on CBS.
It originally aired on Cartoon Network on November 12, 2012.
Billy reveals that they must unite the gems of all the crowns of power, place them in the Enchiridion, and open a portal to the multiverse.
The episode takes place alongside the rest of the re-imagined series, with 49,579 human survivors left in the Fleet.
"Family Fracas" is the 19th episode of the third season–and the 41st episode overall–of the animated comedy series Bob's Burgers.
It was aired as episode 17 of season 6 on April 19, 2007.
The episode was written by Nichole Beattie and directed by Michael Uppendahl.
The episode was written by Howard Brenton, and directed by Bharat Nalluri.
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work.
The episode aired on February 27, 2012.
Jim tries to make Pam happy with some pie.
Stan's future self is an unemployed drug addict, but Stan suspects that it is a hoax put on by his parents.
The episode was written by showrunners and executive producers Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse and directed by Stephen Williams.
The episode focuses on Betty Suarez struggling to tell her friend and boss, Daniel Meade about her new job in London.
It is episode #38, production #31, written by Gene L. Coon and directed by Ralph Senensky.
"Chuck Versus the Imported Hard Salami" aired on November 19, 2007.
It originally aired on October 27, 2008.
Originally designed to be the second of a two-part second season finale, the show's creators decided to end the season in cliffhanger fashion.
Glover and Neil Patrick Harris guest star as other genderswapped characters.
Cuse and Lindelof have stated that the "two distinct timelines" are "equally real".
"Brother's Keeper" is the pilot episode of the first season of the American television series Miami Vice.
The gang is named for the 8th President of the United States, Martin Van Buren.
However, the Doctor recognises the Ironsides as his archenemies the Daleks, who plan to destroy Earth by activating a device located inside Bracewell, an android.
"Cartmanland" originally aired in the United States on July 25, 2001 on Comedy Central.
"The Unbearable Like-Likeness of Gene" is the eighth episode of the third season of the animated comedy series Bob's Burgers.
"Original Sin" was originally aired on October 17, 2013, on The CW.
The characters of Sun and Jin-Soo Kwon are featured in the episode's flashbacks.
Chuck must help a rogue Chinese agent rescue her brother from elements of the Chinese Triad, while Morgan faces a sales competition at the Buy More.
It was directed by filmmaker Seith Mann.
The episode was written by series creator Craig Silverstein and directed by Danny Cannon.
"Pilot" is the first episode of the CW television series, Gossip Girl.
At the end of Part 2, Admiral Adama announces the survivor population at approximately 38,000.
Other guest actors included Chance Kelly, Michael Gaston, Lily Pilyblad, Sara Wilson, Stephen Schnetzer, and Peter Jay Fernandez.
The series premiere was directed by Allen Coulter and written by series creator Ann Biderman.
"Collateral Damage" featured guest appearances by O'Quinn, Jacinda Barrett, James Marsters, and radio host Art Bell as himself.
He then tries to bring the marriage to an end by pretending to be gay.
It aired on 28 November 1989, was directed by John Pasquin, and written by Joss Whedon.
"Jerome Is the New Black" was released on DVD along with seven other episodes from the season on June 15, 2010.
"True North" was co-written by Liz Tigelaar and David H. Goodman, while being directed by Dean White.
It coincided with a spate of suicides among bullied youths, which reportedly gave the cast and crew additional inspiration to do their best work.
In Spain it was entitled El Detective Fantasma.
"The Clearing" is the seventh episode of the second season of the American television drama series Homeland, and the 19th episode overall.
Bugs is a British television drama series that ran for four series from 1 April 1995 to 28 August 1999.
"The Queen of Spain's Beard" is the fourth episode of the BBC historical sitcom The Black Adder, the first serial in the Blackadder series.
"New Allegiances" is the series seven premiere and 57th episode of the British espionage television series Spooks.
The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company network in the United States on April 30, 2009.
Reportedly the most expensive post-Super Bowl episode ever produced, "The Sue Sylvester Shuffle" cost $3–5 million.
This episode is the second of a two-part story.
It was watched by 10.9 million viewers, but critics held a negative opinion of the episode saying that there was no ongoing effect to Troi.
Club rated this episode a Grade B+.
It is currently missing from the BBC archives, when the master tape was wiped to be used again.
In this episode, Mulder and Scully investigate the death of an infant with severe birth defects.
In the "flash-sideways", Jack deals with the issues of parenthood.
According to Nielsen ratings, it was viewed in 8.45 million homes in its original airing.
"The Psychiatrist" is the second episode of the second series of BBC sitcom Fawlty Towers.
They even discover the bizarre flora and fauna that inhabit the Martian world, including plants that eat other plants, migratory plants, and cannibalistic plants.
Barclay and Troi previously worked together earlier in the season in "Pathfinder" and this episode continues that narrative thread and further develops their characters.
It first aired on October 16, 2002 on the UPN network within the United States.
"Homestead" is the 169th episode of Star Trek: Voyager and the 23rd episode of the seventh season.
"John Doe" is the thirty-sixth episode of the American television series Prison Break and is the fourteenth episode of its second season.
In this episode, the final Yes Minister is uttered by Sir Humphrey Appleby.
The episode guest stars Andy Buckley as David Wallace, although he only appears via the phone.
His earlier success had been as a facilitator of the Thatcher government's privatisation programme.
The album features the single "Ayisha Abyss," released as a limited edition 12" single on January 18, 2010.
The episode is considered the second of a two-part story, following preceding episode "New Allegiances".
Commercially, the song topped the charts in several countries, including Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, and Norway.
In this episode, A bear befriends Finn, but Jake thinks he is trying to steal Finn's identity.
For the first and final time since season seven, Jerry performs a stand-up comedy routine.
The episode sets up the Replicators as a new major enemy, ending in a cliffhanger that is resumed in the season 4 premiere "Small Victories".
Written by Tony Barwick and directed by Alan Perry, it was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on 23 February 1968 on ATV Midlands.
is the final episode of BBC sitcom Only Fools and Horses.
"Crossfire" is the ninth episode of the first season of the psychological thriller TV series Homeland.
To better utilize the character, this is one of several second-season episodes that focuses on Chakotay.
It was first aired on September 12, 2005 in the United States.
It is the first of two episodes to feature Harcourt Fenton Mudd, an interstellar con man, who is transporting a cargo of female humans, i.e.
The episode was written by Andrew Chambliss & Ian Goldberg and directed by Ralph Hemecker.
Appearing once before, Michelle Nolden reprises her role of Assistant US Attorney Robin Brooks.
On its initial release the episode was viewed by a total of 16.13 million viewers and opened up to universal acclaim.
Guest stars in this episode include Alan Alda, Elizabeth Banks, Will Forte, and Elaine Stritch.
Sherlock spends much of the episode keeping the device out of enemy hands while trying to deduce its password.
Lawrence was cast as Amelia Earhart after she had previously worked with Voyager's casting director on NYPD Blue.
The episode was written by Kevin Williamson and Julie Plec and directed by Marcos Siega.
Meanwhile, Don Geiss wakes up from his coma only to inform Jack of his decision to remain CEO of General Electric.
He originally wrote and sold it to CBS, who eventually let it go to the Starz network.
It aired on March 9, 2014, with a special entitled "Wicked is Coming" preceding the premiere.
The episode was written by Marc Cherry and was directed by David Grossman.
The Russians are coming is a phrase attributed to United States Secretary of Defense James Forrestal in 1949.
The episode was written by series creator Ian Brennan and directed by Elodie Keene.
"Stone Mountain" is the third episode of the fourth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock, and the 61st overall episode of the series.
The date gets awkward due to the seventeen-year age difference between Liz and Jamie.
Meanwhile, George cannot bear to abandon his outdated synth Odi.
"Cash" was the eighth episode of British sitcom The Young Ones.
The mission shown involves six MarsShips, ultimately reaching 100,000 miles per hour, taking a 400-day, spiral course to Mars.
"Small Worlds" is an episode of the British science fiction television series Torchwood.
"Helen, the Authoress" was the 24th episode in the show's seventh season, and the 213th episode in the complete series.
It originally aired on Monday, September 1, 2008 on the CW.
Critics have written positively about the episode, praising the design work for the magical effects.
The episode was written by Nevin Densham and directed by Allan Kroeker.
The writers sought to reveal the backstory of Boone and Shannon by surprising viewers with the nature of their relationship.
Set in the 22nd century, the series follows the adventures of the first Starfleet starship Enterprise, registration NX-01.
It was directed by Beth McCarthy-Miller and written by Tina Fey and Tracey Wigfield.
Primarily, Davies wanted to explore the consequences of the Doctor's actions and question whether he had the right to sentence an enemy to death.
It was written by Bathsheba Doran and directed by Michael Morris.
"Sine Qua Non" is the tenth episode in the fourth season of the re-imagined Battlestar Galactica.
The episode was directed by Jay Sandrich and written by Ed.
The Marrakesh Street Circuit hosts the World Touring Car Championship, Auto GP and FIA Formula Two Championship races.
"Save the Last One" was critically acclaimed by television critics, who praised the storyline and the episode's conclusion.
Written by Patty Lin and directed by Tricia Brock, it aired on AMC in the United States and Canada on February 24, 2008.
"Christmas Special" received mixed reviews from television critics.
"'Maranatha" is the twenty-first episode of the first season of the American crime-thriller television series Millennium.
It also focuses on Glenn's sinking depression and giving up hope, while Abraham becomes intensely reclusive and Michonne's struggles to keep holding onto hope.
All of these crimes happened due to the game.
It received mixed reviews, with critics criticizing the time spent in Arkham Asylum.
The relationship of Dan and Jenny's father Rufus and Serena's mother Lily is also brought into light.
It first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on March 13, 2002.
It premiered on November 24, 2015 on Fox.
The episode was written by Jonathan Green and Gabe Miller, and directed by Kelly Cantley.
It received ratings and praise good enough to commission a second season.
ATMOS is later revealed to be part of a Sontaran plot to poison the atmosphere.
This was the 11th episode of the ninth and final season.
It originally aired on Sunday April 17, 2005.
In the episode, Michael Scott accidentally burns his foot on his George Foreman Grill, but insists on coming to work anyway.
Upon airing, the episode garnered 2.56 million viewers in the United States and a 0.9 rating in the 18–49 demographic, according to Nielsen ratings.
The episode features several themes of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet, and contains various allusions to Shakespearean and Victorian-era literature.
It first aired on Canada's VisionTV on October 3, 2003.
The sequel to "Tearjerker", "For Black Eyes Only", aired on March 10, 2013, as the 13th episode of season 9.
This was developed into the final story, which was described as having a "1940s tribal Africa" theme by staff writer Tracy Tormé.
The episode got strong reviews from major media publishers worldwide.
It first aired on 21 July 1996, during the second season.
The episode was written by Alec Sulkin and directed by Joseph Lee.
James, it was adapted, produced and directed by Lawrence Gordon Clark.
"Brian Griffin's House of Payne" was released on DVD along with ten other episodes from the season on December 13, 2011.
Negotiations between the two companies began in June 1999.
One of the euphemisms used in the episode is "master of my domain," said by a character when still in the contest.
It was written by David Chase, Robin Green, Mitchell Burgess and David Flebotte from a story by Chase, Green, Burgess and Terence Winter.
"Jump the Shark" features the death of The Lone Gunmen—popular recurring characters who first appeared in the first season episode "E.B.E.
Rachel and Kurt sing a song from a Broadway stage, as does their director, Will Schuester.
The character of Kate is featured in the episode's flashbacks.
"Rescue Me" was originally aired on March 27, 2014, on The CW.
It was written by Paul Corrigan & Brad Walsh and directed by Michael Spiller.
Meanwhile, Ron and Chris have a cook-off to determine which is better: red or lean meat.
The central focus of the plot revolves around Kyle trying to bond with his baby brother Ike, who is suddenly going through puberty.
The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company in the United States on November 16, 2000.
Mitchell and Cameron visit their friend Anders to give him a wedding present, but complications arise when they learn that Anders' husband has left him.
"There's Something About Paulie" is the 16th episode from the second season of the Fox animated series Family Guy.
Multiple reviewers ranked it as one of the best episodes of the television season, including The Futon Critic and TV.com.
The song featured, "Gitchee Gitchee Goo," was as well reviewed favorably by critics.
This episode features six characters meeting their eventual spouses for the first time.
In this episode, Fletcher and some of his fellow prisoners are allowed out for the day to dig drainage ditches for the local council.
The director of this episode was series producer Don Scardino.
"The Illusion of Truth" is an episode from the fourth season of the science-fiction television series Babylon 5.
While some of the actors from the movie returned to act on the show, most of the actors were cast specifically for the television series.
The season features two step-brothers on summer vacation trying to make every day the best day ever, while their sister tries to bust them.
"Drew Cam" received mixed reviews from critics, with some calling it ambitious, while others thought it was nothing more than a marketing gimmick.
Part 1 originally aired on October 22, 2010 and Part 2 originally aired on October 29, 2010 on Teletoon in Canada.
It was aired on May 22, 2013.
It was written by series creator Marc Cherry and directed by Larry Shaw.
The episode was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Single-Camera Picture Editing for a Miniseries or a Movie.
"Hamburger Dinner Theater" is the fifth episode of the first season of the animated television series Bob's Burgers.
In this episode, Veronica goes on the case when her boyfriend Troy Vandegraff's car goes missing and finds out some unpleasant information in the process.
The episode featured Trevor Einhorn as a guest star.
Ron's ex-wife, one of Leslie's directors, sexually manipulates Ron to get what she wants.
The title reference is from the 2010 film The Back-up Plan.
Nation, having intentionally modelled the Daleks on the Nazis, further explored the theme in Genesis.
However, it is not the first to release a preview clip right after the previous episode.
It was written by Sam Catlin and directed by Michelle MacLaren.
"Terma" earned a Nielsen household rating of 10.3, being watched by 17.34 million viewers during its original airing.
"Invocation" is a "Monster-of-the-Week" story, unconnected to the series' wider mythology.
Nina Dobrev received positive reviews about her portrayal of three different characters, Elena, Katherine and Amara.
It first aired on 21 May 1999, during the fifth season.
is the 106th episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Voyager airing on the UPN network, the 12th episode of the fifth season.
It aired on Fox in the United States on April 1, 2014.
"Space Seed" was written by Gene L. Coon and Carey Wilber and directed by Marc Daniels.
In this episode, the alliance between Galavan and Cobblepot needs the help of a group of family arsonists.
In July 2014, London Live; a local digital terrestrial station in London, began airing a complete re-run from Series 1.
It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on May 7, 2009.
Written by Diane Ruggiero and directed by Nick Marck, the episode premiered on UPN on December 14, 2004.
The episode was released on DVD on September 21, 2010, packaged with the remainder of the sixth season.
In the episode, detectives Gordon and Bullock are investigating a new street drug that causes euphoria and then death.
It also refers to Sasha being double-crossed by Sgt.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files.
It was then re-aired as part of Nicktoons Network's Random!
"Fallen Angel" is the tenth episode of the first season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files.
This episode focuses on Fiona exacting revenge on Myrtle Snow after Cordelia is blinded.
It also sets in motion a long-term storyline leading up to the NCIS season finale.
In this episode, Mulder is found near death on a Navajo reservation, and is nursed back to health by the tribe, led by Albert Hosteen.
"The Girl Next Door" is the seventh episode of the first season of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars.
Written by Diane Ruggiero and directed by Steve Gomer, the episode premiered on UPN on May 2, 2006.
Commander William Adama returns to command of the fleet, but President Laura Roslin persuades almost a third of the fleet to follow her back to Kobol.
"Dream Me a Life" is the fortieth episode of the television revival series The Twilight Zone.
Subsequent to this, Jack became the central character in the adult-themed Torchwood, which aired from 2006 to 2011.
However, the other Cylon models, particularly Natalie wish to stop them by any means necessary.
This episode is rated TV-MA-LS in the United States.
The episode's title is a play on the book and film How Stella Got Her Groove Back.
"Party Poohper" is the thirty-fourth episode of the first season of The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh.
Marrakesh has the largest traditional market in Morocco, with some 18 souks selling wares ranging from traditional Berber carpets to modern consumer electronics.
The dinosaurs were a mix of props and computer-generated imagery.
The episode is based on the short story "Wong's Lost and Found Emporium", by William F. Wu, first published in Amazing Stories, May 1983.
Eric Stonestreet won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series for his performance in this episode.
This was Kellie Waymire's final appearance before her death.
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the crew of the Federation starship Enterprise.
In this episode, a Vidiian scientist named Sulan captures and performs medical experiments on the half-Klingon, half-human B'Elanna Torres.
30 Rock follows the production of the fictional sketch comedy program The Girlie Show with Tracy Jordan.
It was first broadcast in the UK on 2 February 1968 on ATV Midlands, written by Tony Barwick and directed by Robert Lynn.
It was broadcast on October 30, 2003.
It was written by Terence Winter, directed by Steve Buscemi and originally aired on April 18, 2004.
"Recession Proof" is the fourteenth episode of the seventh season of the American medical drama House.
"Indianapolis" is the sixth episode of the third season of the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation, and the 36th overall episode of the series.
The episode centers on Drew and his friends taking a disastrous road trip to New York City.
This causes Joe, along with his wheelchair-using friends to attempt to take back the restaurant, and prevent Peter from discriminating against them.
"Dead Letters" featured guest appearances by Chris Ellis, Ron Halder and James Morrison.
The complete second season was released on Region 1 DVD on October 2, 2007.
It also set the stage for the love triangle between Kate, Sawyer, and Jack.
Parker and Stone originally said there was no specific answer to the question.
The episode is the beginning of Volume 4: "Fugitives".
The episode features the fourth guest appearance of Nathan Lane as Pepper Saltzman and the fifth of Fred Willard as Frank Dunphy.
Club and Patrick Burns of The Atlantic deemed it the highlight of the episode.
On the review aggregation site, Rotten Tomatoes reported that 56% of critics gave the show a positive review, giving it a "rotten" score.
It featured guest appearances from Jennifer Tilly and Leslie Mann, and the second guest appearance of Chazz Palminteri.
"Drinking the Kool-Aid" is the ninth episode of the first season of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars.
The first of a three-part story, it was dubbed a "Batman special", simultaneously celebrating the show's one-year anniversary and helping to open ABC's "second season."
Interrogation is interviewing as commonly employed by law enforcement officers, military personnel, and intelligence agencies with the goal of eliciting useful information.
The title is most likely a reference to the movie The Lawnmower Man, in which a scientist enhances the intellect of a simple-minded gardener.
The pilot episode of the television series Veronica Mars premiered on UPN on September 22, 2004.
The episode first aired in the United States on May 13, 2001 on Fox, and subsequently aired in the United Kingdom.
It garnered an estimated 7.0 million viewers, causing it to rank fourth in its timeslot.
Its title derives from a line from the W. B. Yeats poem "The Second Coming".
The episode primarily focuses on Karma and Amy carrying on their fake lesbian relationship, preparing for the Homecoming as they have been elected Homecoming Queens.
When his lover dies of the disease, Burdick reveals his own diagnosis on the air to the displeasure of his station manager.
"Enemies" is the seventeenth episode of season three of the television show Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
A total of 259 episodes aired over the course of 13 seasons.
In 2007, The Man in Black attempts to recruit James "Sawyer" Ford and reveals the survivors' purpose on the Island.
It was written by Robin Green and Mitchell Burgess, directed by John Patterson and originally aired on March 18, 2001.
The series was scripted by veteran Doctor Who writer Paul Cornell, with Richard E. Grant providing the voice for the Ninth Doctor.
It was directed by Shelley Jensen and written by series creator Chris Thompson.
The episode plot mainly revolves around Francine, who accidentally leads Roger to a dangerous alien hunter while trying to get revenge on Stan.
In "The Weekend", Carrie and Brody further complicate their relationship when they head to the countryside for the weekend.
It is part one of a two-episode story arc, which concluded with "Cartman's Mom Is Still a Dirty Slut".
It was aired on February 5, 2014.
"The Wedding of Alcmene" is the 21st episode of the second season of the television series Hercules: The Legendary Journeys.
The episode was written and directed by series creator and executive producer Joss Whedon.
“Now I Know, Don’t Be Scared” is the 76th episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.
Its title is derived from the famous Franklin D. Roosevelt quote, "The only thing we have to fear is fear itself."
Following the kidnapping of Scully by an unhinged alien abductee Duane Barry, Mulder races to track her down.
"The Night Lands" was positively received by critics, who noted the many pivotal character moments as a highlight in the episode.
The episode received largely positive critical reviews, with Alasdair Wilkins of The A.V.
It received generally positive reviews, with critics particularly praising the performance of Andre Braugher.
In her second guest appearance on the series, Conrad played a smart version of herself, which she proclaimed as being fun to play.
The episode is written by Steven D. Binder and directed by James Whitmore, Jr., and was seen by 18.20 million viewers.
This episode first aired in the United States on Sunday, July 29, 2007.
Inspired by the topics of racial discrimination, "Teliko" explores xenophobia and prejudice.
"Pilot" is the pilot episode of the medical drama Body of Proof.
"Collective" is the 136th episode of Star Trek: Voyager, the 16th episode of the sixth season.
"Third from the Sun" is episode 14 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone.
"Road to the Multiverse" was released on DVD along with seven other episodes from the season on June 15, 2010.
In the episode, Butters is misdiagnosed with multiple personality disorder.
The episode was aired on Fox in the United States on March 17, 2013.
Fatal Consequences was broadcast live on 30 October 2003 at 8:00pm, to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the show's pilot episode, "Woodentop".
It aired in a special two-episode block on January 24, 2008 with "Chuck Versus the Undercover Lover."
"Lost Girl" is the second episode of the third season of the American fantasy drama series Once Upon a Time, and the show's 46th episode overall.
The series aired on British broadcaster Channel 4 between 21 April 1995 and 1 May 1998.
The episode itself contains several in-jokes and references deliberately placed by Duchovny.
"Safe House" is the ninth episode of the first season of the period drama television series The Americans.
The book The World at War written by Mark Arnold-Forster to accompany the TV series was released in 1973.
Nymph, in thy orisons/ Be all my sins remember'd" from the famous "To be or not to be" soliloquy in William Shakespeare's Hamlet.
As the crew investigates, the Romulans threaten the Enterprise and the creature, Gomtuu, and Elbrun boards it with Lt.
The episode was filmed largely on location in South Wales with the island of Flat Holm featuring prominently.
He is arrested for welfare fraud and must await his family's rescue.
"Alpha" earned a Nielsen household rating of 10.1, being watched by 17.7 million people in its initial broadcast.
Michael becomes frustrated when Martin's stories of prison sound better than working in the office.
"The Moth" is the seventh episode of the first season of Lost.
"The Sponge" is the 119th episode of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld.
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on November 28, 2006.
The episode earned Stargate Atlantis the strongest ratings since the mid-season hiatus, and was generally well received.
It ran from September 6, 2010 to January 16, 2017, concluding with a total of 261 episodes through eight seasons.
Television critics gave mostly positive reviews to the episode; most praised Carlyle's performance, but one noted that the storytelling was beginning to "feel stale."
The 139th overall episode of the series, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on December 7, 2005.
It was first broadcast September 29, 1966, and repeated on April 27, 1967.
The teleplay was written by Glen Morgan and James Wong from a story by Darin Morgan and was directed by David Nutter.
The two later discover that Doggett's memory has been taken by a "memory vampire" that works for a drug cartel.
The episode was nominated for the 2013 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation.
Like several other prominent outlaws of that era, he was pursued and killed by a group led by Melvin Purvis.
"Tithonus" is the tenth episode of the sixth season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files.
In the episode, the Larsens plan their daughter's funeral.
Carey and Wale performed the song for the first and only time on the Today show in the United States.
"Worlds Apart" is an episode of The Outer Limits television series.
The episode also marked the Jonas Brothers' debut on Disney Channel.
It featured the return appearance of Nathan Lane as Pepper Saltsman, who previously guest starred on "Earthquake".
Meanwhile, in Michael's absence, Dwight Schrute convinces Jim Halpert to start an employee-of-the-month program with the intention of sabotaging Jim.
In the episode, Federal Bureau of Investigation agents search for a mathematician who has been kidnapped by a cult leader.
It originally aired in the United States on June 3, 2007, two weeks after the preceding episode.
The series ran on Cartoon Network from September 2, 2013 to June 30, 2017.
"Numbers" is the 18th episode of the first season of Lost.
Seward's execution occurs, despite Linden's belief that he is innocent of his wife's murder.
"With Apologies to Jesse Jackson" was released on DVD along with the rest of the eleventh season on August 12, 2008.
"The Incident" is the season finale of the fifth season of ABC's Lost, consisting of its 16th and 17th episodes.
In this episode, Megan and her team investigate the murder of Callum O'Donnell, but have much difficulty in finding his body, as it was dismembered.
"Ballad" was watched by 7.29 million US viewers and received mixed reviews from critics.
It aired on Fox in the United States on January 11, 2015, and is written by Aaron Lee and directed by John Holmquist.
Meanwhile, Steve and his friends abuse the power of being public announcers at Pearl Bailey High School.
"Owls" was inspired by the earlier second season episode "The Hand of St. Sebastian", with Morgan wishing to introduce secular beliefs within the Millennium Group.
"Krazy Kripples" is the second episode of the seventh season of the American animated television series South Park, and the 98th episode of the series overall.
When the viewers become bored of Drew's life, his friend Kate O'Brien is hired to play his girlfriend for the show.
However, the original plot of the episode—the effects of having super speed—eventually delved into "deeper" themes, such as drug abuse, boredom, and the teenage experience.
"A Quiet Night In" is the second episode of the British dark comedy television anthology series Inside No.
"The Bells and Whistles" is the twenty third episode of the American television series Smash.
"Into the Woods" is the 68th episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.
It was later adapted into the first segment of Twilight Zone: The Movie, although very loosely.
"You Better Watch Out" is the tenth episode of the tenth season of the American police procedural drama NCIS, and the 220th episode overall.
"Small Victories" was nominated for Best Special Effects in 2001 for an Emmy, a Gemini Award and a Leo Award.
Brian is hired by The New Yorker, but is later dismissed as he did not complete college, so he returns to finish his education.
"Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina" is the first episode in the ninth season of the American animated television series South Park.
The episode's title is an allusion to a famous quotation by Benjamin Disraeli: "I have climbed to the top of the greasy pole".
The episode was directed by Jonathan Alwyn and written by Terrance Dicks and Malcolm Hulke.
The serial also continues the story arc of a civil war between rival Dalek factions, culminating in a showdown between the Doctor and Dalek Emperor Davros.
"Ready, Willing, and Disabled" is the 15th episode of the third season of Family Guy.
"Humbug" is the twentieth episode of the second season of American science fiction television series The X-Files.
"Grill, Interrupted" is the nineteenth episode of the sixth season of the American sitcom Modern Family, and the series' 139th episode overall.
Meanwhile, Stan decides to give Klaus a new human body so Klaus can cook for him; and Steve thinks he's a werewolf.
It originally aired on May 5, 2011.
View Park−Windsor Hills is an unincorporated community in Los Angeles County, California, United States.
In the episode, Robert California reveals he hates Nellie Bertram's business plan and Jim Halpert swings into action to keep Dwight Schrute from getting fired.
It was written by showrunner Paul Lieberstein and directed by Charles McDougall.
"The Self-Improvement of Salvadore Ross" is an episode of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone.
"The Thing You Love Most" first aired in the United States on ABC on October 30, 2011.
"Hit and Run" first aired on October 12, 2011, on ABC.
"The Seance Spectre" is the twentieth episode of the second series of Space: 1999.
Live-action filming took place between 20 December 1974 and 9 January 1975.
"Cry of Silence" is an episode of the original Outer Limits.
It is the first appearance of cleaner Mike Ehrmantraut
It premiered on September 18, 2002, and aired its final episode on May 21, 2003
The story for the episode was created by Marc Cushman and Jake Jacobs, with the teleplay written by Peter S. Beagle.
"Christmas Special" is the sixth episode of the third season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock.
The episode's title is named after a song and dance routine performed by Shirley Temple in the 1936 film Captain January.
The episode was the first part of the two-hour season six premiere, the second being "Goodbye", and took place at the fictional Seattle Grace Hospital.
The idea for "I, Borg" was well received among the staff, with Taylor comparing it to the film Edward Scissorhands.
"Doll Parts" is the eleventh episode of the second season of the American science fiction series Defiance, and the series' twenty-third episode overall.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files.
Liz agrees to write the script, and Jenna campaigns to star in it.
'Subway Wars' was nominated for Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series at the 63rd Primetime Emmy Awards.
The episode was the 13th episode for the show's first season.
It aired on E4 on 1 February 2007.
"Dual Spires" is the 12th episode of the fifth season of the American comedy-drama television series Psych, and the 75th episode overall.
"The Transfer" is the thirtieth episode of the American television series Smash.
Along with Ruck, the episode also guest starred Jorge Garcia in a brief cameo as a security guard.
"Whale Whores" addressed the topic of Japanese whaling, condemning both the whalers themselves and the activists who fight against them.
It was first broadcast on 2 June 1995 during the first season.
The 172nd episode of the series overall, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on April 9, 2008.
"The Woman in the Car" is the 11th episode of the first season of the television series, Bones.
In the episode, a young boy named Marcus and his single mother Fiona move in next door to Will, an unemployed bachelor living in San Francisco.
Due to time constraints, the opening credits were cut.
The sketch is a satire of the 1969 cancellation of Star Trek.
The episode was watched by 6.64 million United States viewers and received mixed reviews from critics.
The episode was written by series co-creators David Benioff and D. B. Weiss, and directed by Alex Graves.
"Death in Heaven" is the twelfth and final episode of the eighth series of the British science fiction television programme Doctor Who.
It premiered on September 18, 2002, and aired its final episode on May 21, 2003
There has been much scholarship over the centuries concerning the multiple roles of Adonis, if any, and his meaning and purpose in Greek religious beliefs.
"Booze Cruise" received largely positive reviews from critics.
The name "Swarley" is taken from an in-episode joke.
The screenplay was written by Charles Woodgrove; the director was Robert Lynn.
The problem was cumulative, with shows getting delivered to NBC later and later.
as Dave Sanderson, a Pawnee police officer who develops a romantic interest in Leslie.
It was repeated on August 3, 1967.
It aired in the United States on Fox on December 11, 2009.
It was directed by James E. Sheridan and written by Matt Hubbard.
It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on September 17, 1997.
"Sexual Healing" is the fourteenth season premiere of the American animated television series South Park, and the 196th overall episode of the series.
It is the fifth of six episode in the series' second season and the twelfth of the show overall.
It was written by J. Roberts and directed by series star Bryan Cranston.
Upon its initial airing, this episode was viewed by 11.80 million American viewers and garnered a 4.6/11 Nielsen rating/share in the 18–49 demographic.
The episode was watched by 6.35 million viewers and received positive reviews with critics commenting on Bruce's storyline.
Series creator Linda Bloodworth-Thomason's mother died of AIDS and her experience with her mother's disease and the prejudice associated with it inspired the episode.
The Twilight Zone is a revival of Rod Serling's original 1959–64 television series.
On the review aggregation site, Rotten Tomatoes reported that 56% of critics gave the show a positive review, giving it a "rotten" score.
An alcoholic scientist, Rick, drags his innocent grandson Morty on a dangerous inter-dimensional adventure to fetch Mega tree seeds.
It was written by series creator and executive producer Matthew Weiner and writer Victor Levin, and directed by Matt Shakman.
"Angry Andy" is the twenty-first episode of the eighth season of the American comedy television series The Office.
The series depicts the adventures of Veronica Mars as she deals with life as a high school student while moonlighting as a private detective.
The 13th episode of the seventh season.
Tim DeKay guest stars as Senator Christian Ward, who previously appeared in the first season in flashbacks only.
The second part aired a week later.
"No Fits, No Fights, No Feuds" is the 58th episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.
The episode guest starred Nancy Carell, the real-life wife of series star Steve Carell, as Carol Stills.
Chuck faces his final test as a spy, under the watchful eyes of Sarah and Shaw.
Due to scheduling conflicts, Kirstie Alley was unable to appear in her Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan role as Lt. Saavik.
Written and directed by Tim Minear, it was originally broadcast on November 19, 2001 on the WB network.
The episode focuses on the search for a nine-year-old girl who claims to be locked in a room and calls the police for help.
It aired in the United States on NBC on December 10, 2009.
First broadcast on 25 December 2007, it is 72 minutes long and the third Doctor Who Christmas special since the show's revival in 2005.
"Then There Were Three" is an episode of the American television detective series Hawaiian Eye.
"Valar Morghulis" is the tenth and final episode of the second season of the HBO medieval fantasy television series Game of Thrones.
The episode was produced in Los Angeles, though future episodes were filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, to save money.
"On the Brink" is the fifth episode of series seven of the British espionage television series Spooks, and the 60th episode overall.
It is directed by Greg Yaitanes and written by Liz Friedman and Sara Hess.
Despite this, "Marry Me a Little, Marry Me a Little More" was watched by 24.3 million households in its original airing, according to Nielsen ratings.
This episode focuses on Fiona taking on Madison as a protégé and Zoe tries to give Kyle his life back.
Michael and Dwight try to prove that the personal touch is better than technology.
Elsewhere, Morgan Grimes' relationship with Alex McHugh is threatened by Carina's return.
Live-action filming took place Tuesday 2 April 1974 through Friday 19 April 1974.
Mark Lenard, playing the Romulan commander, makes his first Star Trek appearance.
The episode was written by Shalisha Francis and directed by Holly Dale.
Reviewers were positive of the episode, calling it an improvement on the previous week's "Observer Effect", and praised the ending.
Millennium Group offender profilers Frank Black and Peter Watts become embroiled in a growing schism within the Group, prompted by the discovery of the True Cross.
"The Curious Case of Edgar Witherspoon" is the thirty-sixth episode and the first episode of the third season of the television series The Twilight Zone.
The title of the episode is derived from the song of the same name by soul singer Marvin Gaye.
"The Greater Good" is the fourteenth episode of the fifth season of House and the hundredth episode overall.
It first aired on 18 August 2001, during the seventh season.
It was written by series creators/executive producers Todd A. Kessler, Glenn Kessler, and Daniel Zelman, and was directed by producer Allen Coulter.
The episode mainly revolves around the topics of sex and adolescent sexuality.
"Great Expectations" received positive reviews from the television critics.
"Law & Disorder" is the 15th episode of the third season of the American police drama television series Homicide: Life on the Street.
The title of the episode is based on the Queen song of the same name which plays during the end credits.
It originally aired on June 29, 2003.
In this episode, the birth of Del and Raquel's baby is imminent.
"China Syndrome" is the series finale of the long-running American sitcom The King of Queens.
"He's a Crowd" is a 1991 episode of the American legal drama L.A. Law.
Osborne and the production crew were so amused by Herpich's drawing that they decided to build an episode in order to showcase it.
Galileo Galilei said, "The universe cannot be read until we have learned the language and become familiar with the characters in which it is written.
The episode continues the Xindi story arc, opening with a montage of scenes from previous shows
"Irresistible" is one of the few in the series that has no paranormal elements to it.
The entire narrative of the episode takes place through a series of flashbacks within flashbacks similar to the Season 1 episode "Three Stories".
"Countdown" is the 21st episode of the ABC series FlashForward.
It originally aired on CBS in the United States on January 29, 2013.
It was written by Henry Alonso Myers and Chris Black.
The first part aired on November 24, 2008, and the second part aired on December 1, 2008.
In the episode, Tom Zarek seeks to become Vice President, but President Laura Roslin thwarts him by nominating the popular scientist Gaius Baltar, who ultimately wins.
It is episode #54, production #43, written by Gene Roddenberry and Gene L. Coon and directed by Ralph Senensky.
"Pillow Talk" is an episode of the BBC sitcom The Green Green Grass.
The episode received mixed reviews from critics; many called the dialogue pretentious and criticized the characterization of Scully.
Meanwhile, Mr. Garrison struggles to cope with the loss of his hand puppet, Mr. Hat.
It was filmed on location in New York City, New York and in Los Angeles, California.
It was written by Brent Forrester and directed by David Rogers.
In the episode Cristina Yang, Alex Karev, George O'Malley, and Meredith Grey are all sleeping and waiting for Izzie Stevens to wake up after the surgery.
It aired on October 29, 2007 in the USA.
The episode was written and directed by series co-founder Trey Parker.
"Journey to Babel" is the tenth episode of the second season of the American science fiction television series, Star Trek.
It originally aired on May 24, 2010 in a special two-hour block with "Chuck Versus the Ring: Part II."
It received mostly positive reviews from critics for its storyline and many cultural references.
The episode features the first of two directorial contributions from Markle, and sees future guest star Brian Downey appear in a minor role.
The classic TNG-era "turtle head" Klingons are also featured in this episode with an older retro Bird of Prey design.
It features several references to real life witchcraft sources.
The finale first aired in the United States on May 17, 2007 on NBC.
"Chuck Versus the First Bank of Evil" is the seventeenth episode of the fourth season of Chuck.
Meanwhile, Dwight and Angela sabotage Andy, and Pam spends her day taking notes of the office workers' activities.
Spears' cameo received mixed reviews, with even those critics who received it favorably expressing relief that she did not appear for longer.
The special was dedicated to Barry Letts, the former writer and producer of Doctor Who who died in October 2009.
Phil realizes that Andy and Haley love each other, but can't get anyone to pay attention to his robot.
Mara Marini also portrayed Brandi Maxxxx, a porn star who publicly defends the painting.
"Heavy Is the Head" originally aired on ABC on September 30, 2014, and according to Nielsen Media Research, was watched by 5.05 million viewers.
"The Jolly Boys' Outing" is the eighth Christmas special episode of the BBC sit-com Only Fools and Horses, first screened on 25 December 1989.
The racial topics of the episode drew mixed attention.
Liz Lemon attempts to settle the fight with the help of Oprah Winfrey, whom she meets on a return flight from Chicago.
Manager Michael Scott tries to paint a happy picture in the face of potential downsizing from corporate.
It aired on October 28, 2015 on the cable network FX.
It also features guest appearances by David Desrosiers and Tobin Esperance.
Sisko and O'Brien find themselves stranded on a world, populated by survivors of a shipwrecked expedition, where none of their devices will function.
"The Simpsons Guy" is the first episode of the thirteenth season of the American animated television series Family Guy, and the 232nd overall episode.
In this episode Lord Eddard Stark, the new Hand of the King, investigates the sudden death of his predecessor.
Meanwhile, Bruce and Selina continue to investigate Wayne Enterprises.
Roddenberry attempted to claim the primary writing credit for "Space Seed", a request turned down by the Writers Guild of America.
Critic Walter Metz praised Asher's choice of camera angles, but denounced the episode's liberalism as excessively sentimental and simplistic.
The episode premiered during an "all-Seth MacFarlane" schedule, preceding the live-action episode Seth and Alex's Almost Live Comedy Show.
The 252nd overall episode, it was written and directed by series co-creator and co-star Trey Parker.
James Callis guest-starred as the cult leader, Mason Dureya.
Beginning in 1983, it was expanded to 90 minutes and retitled A Disney Channel Christmas for airing on cable television's The Disney Channel.
"Enter 77" is the 11th episode of the third season of Lost, and the 60th episode overall.
The episode was written by Michele Fazekas, Tara Butters, and Tracy Bellomo, and directed by Terrence O'Hara.
Written and directed by series creator Rob Thomas, "Donut Run" premiered on January 25, 2006 on UPN.
Meanwhile, a dwarf has a hard time trying to teach Cartman to be sensitive.
However, the death of the character would serve as the main plot for the third season episode "Grief Counseling".
Response to the episode was generally positive.
The episode was written by co-creator and executive producer of Modern Family, Christopher Lloyd and directed by series main director, Jason Winer.
In this episode, Stanley and Elsa have their own ideas on getting rid of Bette and Dot as Dandy finds his first victim.
Mork and Mindy attend one of Ellsworth's trainings at the suggestion of their friend Susan, where they endure Ellsworth's authoritarian brand of group therapy.
The episode was written by Amanda Lasher and Stephanie Savage and directed by Joe Lazarov.
It was written by Oliver Crawford, inspired by the film Five Came Back, and it was directed by Robert Gist.
"Slow Down Your Neighbors" received mostly positive reviews from critics, many of whom praised the performance of Nolan Gould.
“You Can't Judge a Book By Its Cover" is the 77th episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.
"Firewalker" earned a Nielsen household rating of 9, being watched by 8.6 million households in its initial broadcast.
In a subplot, Gene Belcher qualifies for a regional competition in tablescaping, an activity involving the setting of dining tables based on a selected theme.
The episode was written and storyboarded by Tom Herpich, Skyler Page, and Cole Sanchez, from a story by Patrick McHale, Kent Osborne, and Pendleton Ward.
The series is based on Tom Perrota's novel of the same name.
It aired on November 30, 2009 on YTV and Disney XD.
In 2012, it competed in the GP2 Series and GP3 Series as Lotus GP to reflect sponsorship from British sports and racing car manufacturer Lotus.
Stories about child molesters and his own experiences as a parent inspired series writer Don McGill to write the episode.
"The Choice" is the twelfth and final episode of the second season of the American television drama series Homeland, and the 24th episode overall.
The episode's subplot covered the tension between Annie and Britta that began in "Anthropology 101".
The episode received mixed reviews, with the characterisation, romance, atmosphere and anti-war sentiment proving the most popular elements.
According to Watkins et al., stuttering is a disorder of "selection, initiation, and execution of motor sequences necessary for fluent speech production."
"The Van Buren Boys" is the 148th episode of the sitcom Seinfeld, and name of a fictional New York street gang.
Written and directed by series creator Joss Whedon, it was originally broadcast on February 4, 2002 on the WB network.
The episode contains Star Trek's first reference to the Prime Directive.
"Help" is the fourth episode of the seventh and final season of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Quagmire meets her and instantly falls in love with her, leading him to propose to her after the second date.
"One Hundred" originally aired in the United States on May 2, 2010, on Adult Swim.
The episode was viewed by 2.6 million viewers and received a 0.6 rating among adults between the ages of 18 and 49.
Carter later described the episode, along with "Patient X", as being "the most challenging and logically complex projects of the season."
"New Kidney in Town" is the eighth episode of the ninth season of the animated comedy series Family Guy.
It follows the aftermath of Olivia's capture in the previous episode, and subsequent efforts to identify and apprehend her kidnappers.
Despite this, Andy's characterization throughout the episode was mainly criticized.
It was written by Glen Charles and Les Charles and directed by Alan Alda.
And something else: a phantom-like spaceling that a self-styled prophet calls a Soldier of Darkness."
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on April 16, 2009.
The episode was written by David Ehrman and it was directed by Brad Turner.
It was written by John Shiban and directed by Rob Bowman.
It aired on Showtime on October 13, 2013.
"The Stranded" is the 27th episode of the sitcom Seinfeld.
"Strange Visitor from Another Planet" is the eleventh episode in the first season of the CBS television series Supergirl, which aired on January 25, 2016.
"The 37's" is the first episode of the second season, and seventeenth episode overall, of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Voyager.
Written by John Enbom and Cathy Belben and directed by Steve Gomer, the episode premiered on November 23, 2005 on UPN.
"The Q and the Grey" is the 11th episode of the third season of Star Trek: Voyager, the 53rd episode overall.
The series is a spin-off of the animated comedy series Family Guy, which was created by executive producer Seth MacFarlane in 1999.
It was written by J. Roberts and Vince Gilligan, and directed by Peter Medak.
The story takes place entirely in the bedroom of a country house, with much of the filming taking place inside the wardrobe.
"Parturition" is the 23rd episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Voyager, airing on the UPN network.
"Calling All Cars" is the fiftieth episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and is the eleventh of the show's fourth season.
It was directed by David Nutter and written by Glen Morgan and James Wong.
"Royal Variety Show" is a mini-episode of the BBC sit-com, Only Fools and Horses.
The episode's title translates from archaic Portuguese into English as "Burial Mound of Small Animals," although other translations have been proposed.
Zoey 101 is an American comedy-drama television series which originally aired on Nickelodeon from January 9, 2005 until May 2, 2008.
The title is derived from the expression "All good things must come to an end", a phrase used by the character Q during the episode itself.
"Gut Check" is the ninth episode of the eleventh season of the American police procedural drama NCIS, and the 243rd episode overall.
"Gregory" is the third episode of the first season of the period drama television series The Americans.
Reviews of the episode were mostly mixed.
Written by Russel Friend and Garrett Lerner, and directed by Bradley Buecker, it aired on Fox in the United States on November 29, 2012.
'Present Arms' was compiled for radio from two television episodes, Battle of the Giants!
It first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on November 19, 1997.
The episode received mixed reviews from television critics, who either praised the show's return to form or criticized it for becoming formulaic.
It is the first episode to feature the recurring character of Georgina Sparks.
Written by Tom Swale and directed by Bob Lally, it first aired in the United States on October 4, 1975 on NBC.
In the episode, Erin Hannon and Gabe Lewis invite the office over to Gabe's house for a Glee viewing party.
It is the first episode of a two-part story written by Matthew Graham and directed by Julian Simpson, concluded in "The Almost People".
The episode first aired on January 19, 2006 on NBC.
Meanwhile, a bat becomes trapped in the office, leading Dwight on a mission to protect the employees.
After the original broadcast, it was seen by over 7 million viewers in the UK.
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work.
"Insecurity" is the tenth episode of the sixteenth season of the American animated sitcom South Park, and the 233rd episode of the series overall.
The character of Lieutenant Colonel Sam Flagg was first introduced by name in this episode.
The episode was well received by television critics and, at a runtime of 90 minutes, is the longest episode of Mad Men to date.
The suit was highly ridiculed behind the scenes.
"The Fearsome Dr. Crane" is the fourteenth episode of the television series Gotham.
Mulder's informant X is found out by those he has betrayed—with fatal consequences.
"Grandmentor" is the thirteenth episode of the sixth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock, and the 116th overall episode of the series.
It was written by Matthew Weiner, directed by Peter Bogdanovich and originally aired on April 11, 2004.
"Past Prologue" was the second most watched episode of the season, receiving a Nielsen rating of 13.4 percent.
It first aired on January 11, 2007 in the United States on NBC.
"Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society" is episode 89 of the Comedy Central series South Park.
The series depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton, Pennsylvania branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company.
The tie-in 3D read-along audio cassette of "Day of the Dumpster" became the number one seller at Walden Kids, displacing The Lion King.
"War of the Coprophages" earned a Nielsen household rating of 10.1, being watched by 16.32 million people in its initial broadcast.
"Punkin Chunkin" received mixed reviews from the critics.
Angel offers to assist Gunn in tracking down the vampires who abducted and killed Gunn's sister.
These episodes marked, however, the first appearance of recurring regular, Cary Elwes as Brad Follmer, an FBI Assistant Director.
In the episode, the Swede returns to town to help Lily with the railroad's accounting ledgers, against Cullen's wishes.
"Revelations" is the twelfth episode in the fourth season of the reimagined Battlestar Galactica.
It first aired on 28 July 2000, during the sixth season.
The episode is preceded by Sunset and is followed by the season 61 premiere episode.
Producers said that the casting process was difficult.
The episode was written by, Alexandra Cunningham and Susan Nirah Jaffee, and directed by David Warren.
Pamela Barnes Ewing and husband Bobby Ewing move out of Southfork out of disgust at J.R.'s dealings.
In this episode, Veronica helps a woman named Julie find out whether her boyfriend, Collin, is cheating on her.
It was directed by Alan Taylor and written by Chad Hodge and Becky Mode.
It originally aired on October 30, 1959 on CBS.
The episode was written by Malcolm Campbell and Bryan Elsley, and was directed by Charles Martin.
Written by B. J. Novak and directed by Ken Kwapis, it first aired in the United States on March 29, 2005, on NBC.
It also featured the first appearance of male members of the Orion species, despite female members appearing in the first pilot of The Original Series.
The title is a reference to a line in this episode spoken by Madison Montgomery.
In flashbacks, Sayid meets a childhood friend, but must interrogate her.
It was a reworking of a story Chayefsky had written in college.
It aired originally on the Sci Fi Channel on September 16, 2005.
"Bad Eggs" is the twelfth episode of the second season of Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Upon its initial airing, this episode was viewed by 7.46 million American viewers and received a 3.0/8 Nielsen rating/share in the 18–49 demographic.
The episode was written by Peter Elkoff and directed by John Terlesky.
But while there, they cross paths with a resurrected James Woods.
"One Small Step" is the 128th episode of the television series Star Trek: Voyager, the eighth episode of the sixth season.
"Hardhome" is the eighth episode of the fifth season of HBO's fantasy television series Game of Thrones, and the 48th overall.
"Tallahassee" is the fifteenth episode of the eighth season of the American comedy television series The Office and the show's 167th episode overall.
"Snuffy's Parents Get a Divorce" is a popular divorce episode of the children's television program Sesame Street.
It originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company in the United States on January 27, 2011.
A BBC documentary titled India's Daughter based on the attack was broadcast in the UK on 4 March 2015.
Parker and Stone had many discussions with Comedy Central as how to portray the language used in the episode.
But when the darkest timeline breaks through, the evil counterparts make things messy.
"Hatchery" is the seventeenth episode of the third season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Enterprise, the 69th overall.
It aired on February 23, 2011 on ABC.
The episode was well received by critics, who singled out the closing scene as a particularly strong way to end the first season.
The episode helped to explore the overarching mythology, or fictional history of The X-Files.
Performances by Morrison, Mays and Jane Lynch as cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester attracted praise, as did the staging of the musical mash-ups.
The episode was watched by 10.7 million viewers during the initial broadcast, and reviews by critics were mixed.
"The Entity" originally aired in the United States on November 21, 2001 on Comedy Central.
38, of the second season of the American science fiction television series, Star Trek.
It's the sixth television movie of The Naked Brothers Band, and the second of season 3.
J.R. attempts to run both Kristin Shepard and Alan Beam out of town as they both plot revenge against him.
It was written by series creator and executive producer Matthew Weiner and writer Erin Levy, and directed by series leading man Jon Hamm.
It was originally broadcast on Saturday evenings on BBC One, and was produced for the BBC by the independent production company Carnival Films.
"Cold Fire" is the 26th episode of Star Trek: Voyager, the tenth episode in the second season.
This was the second episode for the sixth season.
In the episode Grey-Sloan Memorial experienced power outages and a bus crash during an intense super storm.
It was the second highest rated episode of the fifth season.
In this episode, Enterprise attempts to avert a war, and is caught in a crossfire between Vulcan and Andorian starships.
"Late Editions" is the ninth episode of the fifth season of the HBO original series, The Wire, the penultimate episode of the series.
"Say Hello to My Little Friend" is the fourth episode of the third season of the American television series Scandal.
Its first and only airing in the U.S. was on March 3, 2003 and aired on Canada's VisionTV on October 24, 2003.
It is told from the points of view of main characters Maxxie Oliver and Anwar Kharral.
"The Stag Convergence" is the twenty-second episode of the fifth season of the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
The story was originally written by Maurice Hurley but went under numerous re-writes by the show's creator Gene Roddenberry.
Guest stars in this episode include Rob Riggle, Phil Rosenthal, Steve Cirbus, and Seth Kirschner.
The episode is a "Monster-of-the-Week" story, a stand-alone plot which is unconnected to the series' wider mythology.
They announce their engagement to SCDP's partners and Faye Miller, to mixed reactions.
"Duel Citizenship" is the fifth episode of the fifth season of the CBS situation comedy How I Met Your Mother and 93rd overall.
Club described it as "the show’s screwed-up version of a Very special episode".
The episode guest starred Lindsey Broad, Ameenah Kaplan, and Eleanor Seigler.
"Lovely" is the fifteenth episode of the sixth season of the American comedy-drama series, Desperate Housewives, and the 126th overall episode of the series.
The episode also features a sketch about the history of Dunder Mifflin which parodies the film Slumdog Millionaire.
Margolyes would later return to play Edmund's Puritan aunt, Lady Whiteadder, in the 1986 episode "Beer" and the part of Queen Victoria in Blackadder's Christmas Carol.
"The Koa Man" is an episode of the American television detective series Hawaiian Eye.
The writers had a difficult time coming up with a story that would successfully allow Frank Black and Mulder and Scully to cross paths.
The episode first aired in the United States on ABC on December 4, 2011.
In this episode, the SVU team meets up with the Intelligence Unit of Chicago P.D.
Gibson was motivated to write the episode after the success of "Kill Switch."
"Son of Stimpy" is an episode of The Ren & Stimpy Show.
In the episode, Dee spurns Billy Keikeya and goes on a date with Lee "Apollo" Adama at a bar.
"Helen, the Authoress" is an episode from the American television program The Andy Griffith Show broadcast Monday, February 27, 1967 on CBS.
"The Boy Must Live" is the eleventh episode of the fifth season of the Fox science-fiction/drama television series Fringe, and the show's 98th episode overall.
"Family Guy Viewer Mail #1" is the 21st episode of the third season of Family Guy, first aired on February 14, 2002.
Filmed in October 1967, "Attack on Cloudbase" underwent several scripting changes prior to shooting.
"5G" is the fifth episode of the first season of the American television drama series Mad Men.
The episode aired on February 22, 2016.
The episode follows a reality show format, and often parallels the events of the Real Housewives franchise.
Meanwhile, Acting Principal Sue Sezno holds a school fair to raise money for the staff's insurance.
It was written by series creator/executive producer David Chase, and supervising producer Matthew Weiner, and was directed by longtime series director Allen Coulter.
The episode mainly focuses on the four of the final five Cylons, particularly Galen Tyrol, as his relationship with his wife, Cally becomes even more strained.
The episode revolves around a hostage crisis and is largely presented as an homage to the film Die Hard.
Neal McDonough guest stars as Dum Dum Dugan, also reprising his role from the films, the leader of the Howling Commandos.
It is the 35th overall episode of the series.
It was written by showrunners and executive producers David Benioff and D. B. Weiss and directed by Alex Graves, his directorial debut for the series.
also features the first song that was produced for the series: "The House Hunting Song".
"The Hofstadter Insufficiency" is the first episode of the seventh season of The Big Bang Theory and the 136th episode in total.
It was written by Matthew Negrete and directed by Jennifer Lynch.
The title of the episode was purposely picked by episode writer Steven Maeda to be "murder" spelled backwards.
The episode helped to explore the overarching mythology, or fictional history of The X-Files.
Set in the 22nd century, the series follows the adventures of the first Starfleet starship Enterprise, registration NX-01.
It originally aired on Showtime on October 28, 2012.
"Paternity" is the second episode of the medical drama House, which was first broadcast on November 23, 2004.
Also, Andy Bernard has everyone stay late to cover for their co-workers in Florida.
"Killing All the Right People" is the 26th episode of the sitcom Designing Women.
The 27th episode of the series overall, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on October 7, 1998.
The episode originally aired on the American Broadcasting Company in the United States on January 19, 2011.
In the episode, Lila Tournay finds Sgt.
This episode mainly centers on Roger and Stan, who begin to experience tensions growing against each other for the dominant figure in the house.
In this version, the short summary at the start of Part II of Part I is removed and there is not a second opening credits montage.
The episode was written by consulting producer Mindy Kaling, marking her first writing credit for the series.
There is a historic non-denominational chapel and a historic parish church.
It originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on May 1, 1999, following the television airing of the 1999 Kids' Choice Awards.
"Lazarus" earned a Nielsen household rating of 7.6, being watched by 7.2 million households in its initial broadcast; and received mixed reviews from critics.
The episode features the underground neutrino laboratory, Super-Kamiokande, located underneath Mount Kamioka in Japan.
The episode got a Nielsen rating of 3.2/8 in the 18-49 demographic.
"A Stitch In Time" is the premiere episode of the first season of the Canadian series Continuum, and the series' 1st episode overall.
Cartman apparently believes that the episode is offensive to Muslims and decides to go to Hollywood to try to get the episode pulled.
The episode featured Kiss members Gene Simmons and Paul Stanley.
"Tricia Tanaka Is Dead" is the tenth episode of the third season of the American drama television series Lost, and the show's 59th episode overall.
During the trip, Don makes a quick decision and proposes to Megan, giving her the engagement ring Anna Draper had bequeathed him.
It first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on June 20, 2001.
It was first broadcast on 25 December 1992.
He is one of very few politicians to serve in all three branches of the American federal government while also being active in state government.
"Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls" is the ninth episode in the second season of the American animated television series South Park.
The third series has become the UK's most watched drama series since 2001.
"Wizboy" is the first episode of the first season of the animated television series Fanboy & Chum Chum.
The episode was directed by Ron Lagomarsino and written by Joseph Dougherty, Oliver Goldstick and I. Marlene King.
It originally aired on ABC in the United States on March 31, 2010.
"Fools for Love" is the fifth episode of the third season of House and the fifty-first episode overall.
The made-for-TV movie was directed by Robert Markowitz and filmed on location in Georgia.
The series follows the adventures of the Federation starship Voyager during its journey home to Earth, having been stranded tens of thousands of light-years away.
Several cast members from Morgan and Wong's series Space: Above and Beyond were cast in the episode.
"Death" is the sixth episode in the first season of the American animated television series South Park.
The opening bank robbery scene was filmed on location in Vancouver, where Jason Schombing's acting led some bystanders to believe that robbery was a real one.
It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on April 9, 2009, then on BBC2 in the United Kingdom on June 11, 2009.
The episode tells the story of a teenage boy who is raped by his male teacher.
This episode was also one of Duncan's final roles before his untimely death from complications following a heart attack.
"Marco Polo" is the sixtieth episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and the eighth of the show's fifth season.
The episode was directed by Goran Gajić, who is the husband of Mira Furlan, the actress who plays Delenn in the show.
The series officially premiered on July 17, 1999.
"Ivan" is the seventeenth episode of the first season of the American crime drama The Blacklist.
"The One Where Rachel Smokes" is the eighteenth episode of the fifth season of Friends and 115th overall.
"Paper Dove" is a two-part episode, with the story continuing in the second season opening episode "The Beginning and the End".
"Who You Really Are" originally aired on ABC on March 10, 2015, and according to Nielsen Media Research, was watched by 3.80 million viewers.
The episode was written by Joshua Safran and Stephanie Savage and directed by J. Miller Tobin.
The episode is considered significant, as Graham's death reveals that Regina is aware of her fairytale past.
Josh Schwartz and Stephanie Savage wrote the episode; it was directed by Mark Piznarski.
Paris's dad Admiral Paris played by Richard Herd, makes contact with his son.
Directed by Greg Colton and co-written by Chris Sheridan and Danny Smith, the episode originally aired on Fox in the United States on December 12, 2010.
On its first broadcast on BBC One, the episode received 11.37 million viewers, a 32.1% audience share.
It sold 144,000 copies in the United States, according to Nielsen SoundScan.
It first aired Wednesday, January 10, 2001, on FOX.
if_then_else is the sixth studio album by the Dutch alternative rock band The Gathering.
The episode marks the return of Dominika Petrova to the series for a mini-arc, and guest stars José Zúñiga as the immigration official.
"Realm of Fear" primarily focuses on Reginald Barclay's paralyzing fear of the transporter.
It was written by Ben Elton, Rik Mayall and Lise Mayer, and directed by Paul Jackson.
Another part of Rossum's agenda is revealed.
"Freddy Spaghetti" is the second season finale of the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation, and the 30th overall episode of the series.
"Butt Out" is episode 109 of the Comedy Central series South Park.
"Angels and Devils" is the 23rd episode and the fifth season finale of the American television show Numb3rs.
It introduces "The Unstoppable Juggernaut" to the series.
The series depicts the adventures of Veronica Mars as she deals with life as a high school student while moonlighting as a private detective.
"Openings" is the nineteenth episode of the American television drama series The Killing, and the sixth of its second season, which aired on April 29, 2012.
The Chicago Sun-Times referred to it as an intelligent satire of Star Trek.
The episode was watched by 7.14 million viewers in the UK, and was given an Appreciation Index of 83.
The episode featured guest appearances from Franco Nero, Stephanie March, and Linus Roache, who reprised his role as Michael Cutter from Law & Order.
"Fresh Blood" is the seventh episode of the paranormal drama Supernatural's third season on The CW, and is the show's fifty-first episode overall.
NBC hired Abrams and Joss Whedon to each direct an episode during their February sweeps week.
"The Roommate Transmogrification" is the fourth-season finale of the television series The Big Bang Theory that first aired on CBS on May 19, 2011.
It first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on April 11, 2007.
"Last Temptation" is the nineteenth episode of the seventh season of the American medical drama House.
"Traitor's Gate" is the fourth episode in the first series of the British television series Spooks.
Pulp science fiction comics of the time are parodied in the same straightforward tone as everything else.
Katherine Heigl was absent from the episode, due to her hiatus to film the 2010 blockbuster Life as We Know It.
It premiered on ABC on October 26, 2011.
In this episode, Doggett comes upon an old case about a professed "soul-eater" that he hopes will ultimately prove the truth behind Mulder’s abduction.
"Return of the King" is the ninth episode of the first season of the animated television series The Boondocks.
The first three episodes is a three-part episode entitled "The Alien Costume" from season one.
Their engagement causes Ted to think about marriage and finding his soul mate, much to the disgust of his self-appointed best friend Barney Stinson.
"Riddles" is the 126th episode of Star Trek: Voyager, the sixth episode of the sixth season.
The episode originally aired on the American Broadcasting Company in the United States on January 12, 2011.
The Nation magazine commented that this was the first time that a prime-time sitcom showed a Jewish protagonist marrying inside the faith.
The episode follows baby Stewie and anthropomorphic dog Brian as they go trick-or-treating on Halloween.
The episode also exemplifies the carnivalesque, which includes humor, bodily excess, linguistic games that challenge official discourse, and the inversion of social structures.
This plot twist was planned since Beaver's introduction.
"The Soup Nazi" is the 116th episode of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld, which was the sixth episode of the seventh season.
"Spree" first aired in the United States on September 22, 2006.
"The Entire History of You" received positive reviews.
However, the team find themselves targeted by an FSB kill squad, who are unaware of the bomb threat.
"Chuck Versus the Sizzling Shrimp" is the fifth episode of the first season of Chuck, airing on October 22, 2007.
It was written by co-executive producers Glen Morgan and James Wong, and directed by David Nutter.
The 99th episode of the show overall, "Some Like It Hoth" aired on April 15, 2009, on ABC in the United States.
It came from a one-paragraph story idea by Gene Roddenberry based on Gulliver's Travels.
Danson's appearance in this episode has received mixed reviews, and the positive highlight about it is his interaction with the cast of Frasier.
"Paper Airplane" is the twentieth episode of the ninth season of the American comedy television series The Office.
According to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was seen by 2.8 million viewers the week it was broadcast.
According to Nielsen ratings, it was viewed in 6.59 million homes in its original airing.
The previous lowest rating for an episode was a 91% rating for season 4's "The Watchers on the Wall".
In the episode, the remaining witches compete to perform the Seven Wonders in order to find out who is the next Supreme.
The episode's title means "miracle" in Spanish.
It aired for one season on the UPN network, with actor Forest Whitaker assuming Serling's role as narrator and on-screen host.
It premiered on the Fox network on February 11, 1994.
Pure focuses on the character of Cassie Ainsworth, a main character in the show's first two series.
"The Confession" is the final episode of the second season of Showtime-Bravo!
"Ring Out Your Dead" is the second episode of the fifth series of Midsomer Murders and the twentieth episode overall.
Espenson especially wanted to depict how some, like Jiminy in this episode, "have their adolescence well after adolescence.
The title is a reference to Andy's college a cappella group, which had previously been alluded to in the series, but never actually shown.
It was written by series creator Chris Carter, directed by Joe Napolitano, and featured guest appearances by Gregory Sierra, Wayne Tippit and Claire Stansfield.
Melissa Maerz of the Los Angeles Times, Todd VanDerWerff of The A.V.
Chuck's time as the Intersect is coming to a close as the CIA and NSA have completed construction of the new Intersect.
"Chuck Versus Santa Claus" received overwhelmingly positive reviews from critics.
"The Crocodile's Dilemma" is the pilot episode of the FX anthology series Fargo.
"Mary 25" is an episode of The Outer Limits television series.
"The First Time" is the fifth episode of the third season of the American musical television series Glee, and the forty-ninth overall.
It originally aired on Showtime on December 12, 2010.
Internationally, it was first aired in Canada on CBC Television, March 18, 1977 at 8 p.m.
The item borrowed from another happy bride provided good luck.
The story is designed to show how the Doctor can bring hope into a world.
"Assassins" is the 145th episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.
The story was created by Herbert Wright and D. C. Fontana, and was made into a script in two days by executive producer Maurice Hurley.
Meanwhile, Angela becomes engaged to her state senator boyfriend, Robert, while the rest of the office believes he is gay.
Meanwhile, Maggie Pierce rocks the hospital with an unexpected announcement.
The episode is written by John Kelley and directed by Thomas J. Wright, and was seen by 14.74 million viewers.
However, additional praise was directed to the acting, especially Neil Patrick Harris's performance.
This was the first episode that dealt with Garak's past, and set up several later plotlines involving Enabran Tain.
"Excited and Scared" is the 140th episode of the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.
In the episode, Jack Donaghy goes shopping with Liz Lemon for an engagement ring for Elisa.
"Enough About Eve" is the 49th episode of the CW television series, Gossip Girl.
The episode was written by Neil Goldman and Garrett Donovan and directed by Anthony Russo.
The episode was written and storyboarded by Ako Castuera and Jesse Moynihan, from a story by Kent Osborne, Pendleton Ward, Jack Pendarvis, and Adam Muto.
Meanwhile, club co-captain Finn Hudson believes he has found the face of Jesus in a grilled cheese sandwich.
After they are offered a regular gig by the hotel manager, they realise they need a guitarist and audition several hopefuls.
The episode received positive acclaim, with many praising the continuing Alexandria story arc.
Critics praised Hendricks, with one stating that "guest stars like this should help keep up the quality", saying her role was "lovely".
"Branch Closing" is the seventh episode of the third season of the American comedy television series The Office and the show's 35th overall.
Critics also noted how the Troy/Abed storyline provided the overall theme of normality for the episode.
A three-day re-mount was scheduled from Tuesday 25 February 1975 through Thursday 28 February 1975.
It originally aired on NBC on April 25, 2013.
In the episode Master Shake, Frylock, and Meatwad investigate the recent destruction of Carl's car, while a giant mechanical rabbit destroys downtown.
The Doctor and Clara have 12 hours to train some farmers into warriors when Ashildr declares war upon the Mire.
"True Lies" was originally aired on October 10, 2013, on The CW.
"The Fourth Hand" is the ninth episode of the first season of the CBS drama Under the Dome.
The episode first aired in the United States on September 19, 2010.
He would later return in The Android Invasion.
"Timescape" is the 151st episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation.
Despite being Amy and Rory's last episode, it was not the last episode Gillan and Darvill filmed.
It premiered on E4 in the UK on 26 March 2012.
Starring Brandon deWilde of Shane and Disney veteran Brian Keith in the title roles.
The episode was directed by Michael Uppendahl and written by Ryan Murphy.
"Christmas Trees" is a mini-episode of the BBC sit-com, Only Fools and Horses.
In this episode, Scully tries to discover the cause of a mysterious illness after several men in a prison die.
"Badda-Bing Badda-Bang" is the 165th episode of the syndicated American science fiction television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the 15th episode of the seventh season.
It was written by Dan Fybel and directed by Tyree Dillihay.
Gilligan wanted to try a "different" approach to The X-Files with "Hungry" by telling the main story through the eyes of the monster.
The episode was nominated for a Genesis Award, but lost to the Family Guy episode "Dog Gone".
It was directed by Wendey Stanzler and written by Ross Maxwell, and it aired on Fox in the United States on December 5, 2013.
It was first announced at the 2010 San Diego Comic-Con International.
Michael goes to David Wallace for advice, but he finds David in a sad unemployed depression.
In the episode, the group of Rick Grimes prepares for a showdown with Gareth and his group of Terminus residents.
Moose was a Parson Russell Terrier who portrayed Eddie Crane on the television sitcom Frasier.
The episode was rated 4.1/11 and received positive reviews from the critics.
However, he eventually gave up the idea, and resurrected it in "Pizza Delivery".
The network eventually relented and the episode was viewed by an audience of some 30 million people.
It's the sixty-eighth episode of the series, first airing on February 18, 2004.
"The Trap" is the seventh episode of the Supermarionation television series Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons.
Marrakesh, also known by the French spelling Marrakech, is a major city of the Kingdom of Morocco.
The total viewership was down over 11% from the previous episode, "The Spanish Teacher".
"Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub" is the 39th episode of Comedy Central's South Park.
The premise of Naked Idol is that The Naked Brothers Band have a Naked Idol contest for a new bassist replacing Rosalina.
Sozin's Comet received critical acclaim from critics and fans alike.
In this episode, the Mysterons plot to cause disaster at a secret International Air Conference.
The episode was written by series creators David Lynch and Mark Frost, and directed by Duwayne Dunham.
"Tomorrow Is Yesterday" is a first season episode of the American science fiction television series, Star Trek.
"Princess Cookie" is the thirteenth episode of the fourth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time.
"The Natural Order" received mixed reception from television critics.
While the play had originally been around two hours in length, the episode was only half an hour.
"Regional Holiday Music" is the tenth episode of the third season of the American television series Community, and 59th overall episode of the series.
The main action is of John Locke leading his group to the Barracks.
Cameron joins Dylan's band as a drummer, since the drummer has to move to Portland.
is the second episode in the tenth season of the American animated television series South Park.
"WUPHF.com" is the ninth episode of seventh season of the American comedy television series The Office, and the show's 135th episode overall.
It originally aired on TNT in the United States on July 1, 2012.
In this episode, Chief O'Brien attempts to return to his normal life while coping with secrets from his experience of long-term incarceration.
It was written by co-executive producer Jack Burditt and directed by Michael Engler.
"For God and Country" is the 12th episode of the fourth season of the American police drama television series Homicide: Life on the Street.
"The Age of Steel" is the sixth episode of the second series of the British science fiction television programme Doctor Who.
The series depicts the adventures of Veronica Mars as she deals with life as a high school student while moonlighting as a private detective.
"Ripper" is an episode of The Outer Limits television show.
"Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset" is the twelfth episode in the eighth season of the American animated television series South Park.
Its name is a play on the name of the 1945 film The House on 92nd Street.
Barclay also won a Directors Guild of America Award.
This episode was rated TV-14-DLSV in the United States.
It is episode #79, production #79, written by Arthur H. Singer, based on a story by Gene Roddenberry, and directed by Herb Wallerstein.
Versions of Family Moving Day have also been published in Korean and Slovene.
"Cooperative Calligraphy" is the eighth episode of the second season of the American comedy television series Community, and the 33rd episode of the series overall.
Neelix tries to protect Naomi Wildman from the knowledge that her mother is in danger and may be lost on a mission.
"White Christmas" is a 2014 Christmas special episode of the British science fiction anthology series Black Mirror.
"Underneath" marked the directorial debut of Shiban, who had been a writer for the series for several seasons.
The phrase was an attempt to deflect criticism of the Soviet Union by referencing racial discrimination and lynching in the United States.
"Preggers" sees glee club member Kurt join the football team and admit his homosexuality to his father, Burt.
"Walkabout" featured guest appearances by Željko Ivanek and Gregory Itzin.
"The Invisible Hand" was written by Matt Wayne and directed by Dave Bullock.
"Cold Station 12" is the fifth episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Enterprise, the eighty-first episode overall.
"Pilot" originally aired in the United States on NBC on September 20, 2005.
It originally aired on January 5, 2011 on the American Broadcasting Company.
The episode starred Pemberton, Shearsmith, Jane Horrocks, Nikki Amuka-Bird and Tony Way as volunteers at Comfort Support Line, a crisis hotline.
"6B" is the 14th episode of the third season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe, and the 57th episode overall.
"No Place Like Home" is the first episode of Wentworth.
The episode received mixed to favorable reviews, with the storyline involving O'Malley's grieving being particularly highlighted.
It originally aired on TNT in the United States on June 17, 2012, as a two-hour season premiere with the second episode of the season.
It was originally transmitted on 2 October 1977.
