The show featured heavily upon games which involved grappling and the real life interactions of team members in training.
Lenore has appeared in several comic books by Dirge.
The show returned in reruns on YTV from 2006 to 2008.
The title theme is The Free Life by prolific library music composer Alan Parker.
Mrs. Kapadia i.e Anita, allegates Anupam of having a relation with Pia.
NASCAR Countdown was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series and Nationwide Series prerace show that debuted on February 17, 2007.
KDLH was formerly operated by KBJR under a shared services agreement, wound down following the purchase of KBJR and KDLH by Quincy and SagamoreHill Broadcasting respectively.
The series was made at Elstree Studios in twin production with The Saint television series, which likewise was produced by Robert S. Baker.
The revival aired from June 11, 2012 to July 16, 2013.
Waring played Roland Moody, a newly divorced 42-year-old junk/antique dealer greatly anticipating freedom from matrimonial ties.
produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions and broadcast on NBC from September 22, 1979 to December 15, 1979.
The opening song for the show, called "Skimo Es el Lugar", is performed by the pop rock band Motel.
It follows doctors at the Loma Linda University Medical Center dealing with venomous bites from snakes.
Though her specialty is French cuisine, she occasionally prepares American, Asian, British and Italian foods.
The first season finale topped the list with 2,717,000 viewers.
An unofficial pilot for the series aired on April 1, 2005; the series later made its official debut on October 16, 2005.
Created by Jon Harmon Feldman, the show was produced by Original Film, Oh That Gus!, Inc., and 20th Century Fox Television.
The show was replaced internationally with WWE Vintage Collection, a program featuring classic matches.
Based on the Arthurian legends, it follows the daily lives of King Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table in Camelot.
18 on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time.
In 2009 Poltergeist: The Legacy aired on NBC Universal's horror and suspense-themed cable channel Chiller.
The cast also includes Joely Fisher, Anita Gillette, Orson Bean, Mo Gaffney and Charles Rocket.
Even though C2 looks like Carl, talks like him, and walks like him, C2 is more ambitious, hard-working, and charming, much to Carl's advantage.
It has won dozens of awards since it debuted as a series, including 31 Primetime Emmy Awards, 30 Annie Awards, and a Peabody Award.
Go is an American television series for children that aired late-mornings on Saturdays on NBC between September 1973 and September 1976.
The voiceover artists are Emma Kennedy and Ewan Bailey.
Sports Unlimited is a sports program of ABS-CBN in the Philippines.
John en Marsha was a sitcom series that aired over the Radio Philippines Network from May 1973 to July 30, 1990.
Raines is a crime drama television series that ran from March 15, 2007 to April 27, 2007 on NBC in the United States.
Carl Betz co-stars as her pediatrician husband Dr. Alex Stone, and Shelley Fabares and Paul Petersen as their teenage children, Mary and Jeff.
Matt serves as the head writer and Danny produces the show.
The vast majority of individual males with F-M89 fall into its direct descendant Haplogroup GHIJK.
At one time, the programme was carried on BBC 1, BBC 2, BBC News 24 as well as to the 200 million homes on BBC World.
She feels unhappy, however, to see Jai in a helpless state and realizes she still loves him.
The block was placed on the original TechTV in early 2003 and moved to G4techTV after the two networks merged.
The show was originally hosted by Keith Carradine, but his half-brother, David Carradine took over hosting duties for season 2 and subsequent seasons.
It first aired on CBC Television from October 2000 to November 2001.
The programme incorporated a number of segments such as Boggle Box, reviewing the week's television programmes, Made in Ireland, which features clips from various Irish B-movies.
Alex Zane and Alexa Chung took over the hosting role in 2006.
Nick News with Linda Ellerbee was an educational children's and teenagers' television show on Nickelodeon that was shown from 1992 to 2015.
It originally aired on CBS on November 15, 1996, and was rerun as part of TV Land's salute to 50 years of Warner Bros. Television.
It was shot with naturalistic lighting and without a laugh track.
It was directed by Carol Wiseman and stars Amelia Shankley as Sara Crewe, Jessica Simpson as Lottie, and Maureen Lipman as Miss Minchin.
The series ran for 3 seasons, from October 16, 1999 to April 21, 2002.
It was planned to launch on 18 September 1989 but was held back due to technical issues with its new studio.
Most of the houses used have since been demolished, however the street still remains.
Luncheon Date featured Leon Mangoff as announcer and sidekick.
Coronation Street is noted for its depiction of a down-to-earth, working-class community, combined with light-hearted humour and strong characters.
is a Mexican soap opera like Alegrijes y Rebujos which had child actors from Código F.A.M.A.
Quite often, factories are visited, where a complete production process is explained.
Network executives are hoping that Friends reruns will reignite the timeslot and allow Bert's Family Feud to premiere to a solid audience.
Sykes and a... is a black-and-white British sitcom starring Eric Sykes and Hattie Jacques that aired on BBC 1 from 1960 to 1965.
The Money Machine was a show on ZDTV, and later TechTV, hosted by Carmine Gallo.
Mori also worked on the series' original character designs with Shuichi Seki, but the final designs were done by Isamu Kumata.
It was hosted by Gene Rayburn and announced by Don Pardo and produced by Goodson-Todman Productions
England won for the fourth time on 5 June 2016.
Now You See It... is a 2005 Disney Channel Original Movie.
Pia frames Bani for the murder and blackmails Jai, saying he can choose between Bani getting 5 years in a mental asylum or life imprisonment.
This situation attracts the attention of Sharpay Evans, who attempts to steal Troy for herself by hiring him at her family's country club.
The 15-minute weekday program was broadcast on the English television network to provide viewers with exposure to the French language.
The final act of each episode featured cloggers, a group of eight to 16 country music tap dancers.
It is a love story between a young man who has been forced to grow up too quickly, and a young woman with an activity-restricting ailment.
Sportsround was a weekly spin-off from CBBC children's news programme Newsround.
The earliest format involved a presentation of the top 15 songs.
Emerald Point N.A.S is an American television drama starring Dennis Weaver that premiered on CBS on Monday, September 26, 1983.
They fight villains, stop sinister plots, and escape from traps.
The series was animated by AKOM Productions.
Till now the show has produced 6 seasons.
It premiered on ABC on March 16, 2006.
A 14th season was aired on Nine Network in 2013.
Crane was joking about the subject of death during the episode's taping, besides discussing Hogan's Heroes, the television series in which he starred.
Beakman's World is an educational children's television show.
I Love Lucy is an American television sitcom starring Lucille Ball, Desi Arnaz, Vivian Vance, and William Frawley.
The first series ran from April 1, 1974 until June 13, 1975, and was hosted by Jack Narz.
After a decline in viewing figures 1997 saw the decision to end the drama after seven series.
Murphy Brown is an American sitcom which aired on CBS from November 14, 1988, to May 18, 1998, for a total of 247 episodes.
However, Kaamelott exceeded Caméra Café's audience only three weeks after broadcasting started.
Most episodes feature Joe traveling to various locations to hear viewers request specific music videos.
From 1954 onward, all of its productions have been broadcast in color.
The Commish is an American comedy-drama television series that aired on ABC in the United States from 1991 to 1996.
It is associated with New World Television for the Nine Network that aired between 1993 and 1994.
Battle of the Gridiron Stars is a television show that airs on ESPN.
The series is produced by Young Pei-pei and starred Julian Cheung, Ruby Lin and Dong Jie.
Luginbill also appears on ESPNU Recruiting Insider, McShay also appears on ESPNU Inside the Polls and Hall appears on both as host.
An animated short film from the series made its American debut in 2003 as part of the New York International Children's Film Festival.
The program maintains a general format of news stories, traffic reports and weather forecasts, but also includes sports summaries, and entertainment and feature segments.
Kellogg's cereal company and their associated products Rice Krispies, Froot Loops, Frosted Flakes and card maker, American Greetings were major sponsors throughout the program's run.
It ran for two seasons on CBS beginning in 1983.
It was originally hosted by Terry Boyle, and was later hosted by Brian O'Dea, who was also the producer of the show.
The original concept and script of the series, as well as its numerous songs came from the Danish trio of De Nattergale.
The characters, along with new material, currently appear on Liam Lynch's podcast entitled Lynchland.
Roger Ramjet is an animated American children's television comedy series that first ran in 1965 and has aired in syndication since.
RAI cancelled the Austro-Italian production in June 2015, after eight Italian seasons.
Amish in the City is an American reality television series which premiered on UPN on July 28, 2004.
The series first appeared on Cartoon Network during the show Grim & Evil, along with The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy.
Los Ricos También Lloran was aired in 1991-1992 in the Soviet Union and post-Soviet states.
Turkstar was a 2004 Turkish reality television singing competition show based on the popular British show Pop Idol.
As of 2012, the programme has run for over 400 editions and features annual episodes covering the Sundance, Cannes and Toronto film festivals.
Battlefield Britain is a 2004 BBC television documentary series about famous battles in the history of Great Britain.
Berlanti, Mickey Liddell, Rina Mimoun, Andrew A. Ackerman and Michael Green served as executive producers.
NBC signed Leno to a new deal for a nightly talk show in the 10:00 pm ET timeslot.
This is the fifth Super Sentai series to be released in North America.
Shipmates is an American syndicated television show that ran for two seasons from 2001 to 2003.
is an American television program that originally aired on ABC from 1962 until 1967..
Creator Dan Fogelman describes the show as similar to The Matrix "if Keanu Reeves wasn't good looking."
Meet the Stans was presented by Simon Reeve for the first time, and saw him travel through Central Asia.
It is a product of the major anime broadcaster Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation and NHK, and the animation was done by Production Grimi.
Stepsister from Planet Weird is a Disney Channel Original Movie which was released in June 2000.
a young man at a supermarket is duped by an elderly woman into paying for her groceries.
Poor Man's Orange is a novel by New Zealand born Australian author Ruth Park.
In bookending segments, Papandroulakis was also joined by co-presenters Ian "Herbie" Hemphill and Flip Shelton, who gave tips on food preparation and meal ideas.
October 2012 marked the 40th anniversary of the show.
It was developed to illuminate the creative process underlying the working of artists.
Since Warner Home Video distributed this special, Time Warner owns the copyrights.
is an American sitcom starring Nathan Lane as an opera singer.
The City Gardener is a gardening television series, produced by Twofour and broadcast on Channel 4 in the UK and on HGTV in the US.
Alfred Hitchcock Presents is an American television anthology series hosted and executive produced by Alfred Hitchcock, which aired on CBS and NBC between 1955 and 1965.
Upon being demobbed RAF serviceman Harvey Moon, played by Kenneth Cranham, returns home and finds his family involved in various troubles.
From 2000 to 2002, XPW held an annual deathmatch tournament called Baptized in Blood.
It stars James Garner as F. Ross Johnson, the CEO of RJR Nabisco, and Jonathan Pryce as Henry Kravis, his chief rival for the company.
Young Huston later appeared as Skipper Bradley in Johnny Weissmuller's short-lived Jungle Jim television series in the 1955-1956 season.
One day, during training, Joe was falsely accused of attacking his master, a crime for which the dog would be euthanised as punishment.
Norriss and Fegen wrote the first five series, after which they left the show.
Quatermass II is a British science-fiction serial, originally broadcast by BBC Television in the autumn of 1955.
Call My Bluff is a long-running British game show between two teams of three celebrity contestants.
However, like the rest of the soap operas in the United States, All My Children experienced unprecedented declines in its daytime ratings during the 2000s.
Malcolm X in various situations where he would deliver some of his famed speeches.
is a Taiga drama television series produced by Japanese broadcaster NHK.
Big Break is a British game show featuring the game of snooker, mixed with traditional game show elements.
Significant gains were made in several cognitive and perceptual areas by regular viewers, even in subjects that were not taught by the show.
During the 1980s, the show had many supporting presenters, including:
Beginning in Bristol in 1999, it showcases new sitcoms and comedy items in a head-to-head format.
Some early pencil cases were decorated with jasper or platinum.
The show was the first regular work on American television for the British actor Roger Moore.
It also switched from black and white to colour during its second year on air.
Square One Television is an American children's television program produced by the Children's Television Workshop to teach mathematics and abstract mathematical concepts to young viewers.
The show is a comedy-drama anthology organized around the Robson Arms, an apartment building in Vancouver, at the fictional address of 951 Pendrell Street.
It is not to be confused with, nor is it related to, the series Family, which aired concurrently on ABC.
Carla Lane wrote most of the episodes, Taylor co-writing only the first two series.
Program masters are current property of KHEMETCOM Entertainment & Omnimercial Media, which purchased assets of M.K.
The first co-hosts were Simon Rimmer, Paul Hollywood, Ed Baines and Paul Merrett, and later included Antony Worrall Thompson, Brian Turner, Sophie Grigson and Alan Coxon.
A seventh series comprising ten episodes began airing on 17 October 2014 and ended with a Christmas special on 24 December.
The Movie Masters is an American television game show which ran from August 2, 1989, to January 19, 1990.
More than 100 million people, in nearly 39 million households, watched the program during its initial broadcast.
The series started on September 30, 2000, on PBS Kids as part of PBS Kids Bookworm Bunch.
Asher returned as producer and restored the series to its original format—albeit with Lynde continuing in the lead.
It is the first television series to star Cosby since The Cosby Show and lasted one season.
The show was co-created by Brian Nankervis, Peter Bain-Hogg, and Ken Connor.
Corazones al límite is a Mexican telenovela produced by Roberto Hernández Vázquez for Televisa in 2004.
The show spawned five series and 44 episodes, four of which are Christmas specials.
Luis Mazariegos has been the producer since 2013.
The episode was titled War Stories: Fighting ISIS.
Like Anderson's previous puppet series, futuristic vehicles and technology featured prominently in each episode.
Seasons 1 to 3 of the series were released on DVD on November 14, 2006 featuring commentary from producers Eric Wong and Daniel Weinstein.
It was created and written by Douglas Livingstone.
Didn't They Do Well is a short-lived BBC television quiz show presented by Bruce Forsyth that ran from 15 January to 18 March 2004.
It was introduced into the ITV schedule as the ITV News at Ten-Thirty on 2 February 2004, following the demise of the ITV News At Ten.
You Bet Your Life is an American quiz show that aired on both radio and television.
His "super powers" take the form of novelty items, such as a whoopee cushion, among other things.
The program featured futuristic and ongoing engineering projects.
The show is about the life of Canine Officer Hank Katts and his canine partner who fight crime and the forces of evil.
The award was jointly collected by Jon Blair and Miep Gies, who received a standing ovation.
The Late Edition was a British television programme broadcast on BBC Four.
The primary format of the live show was Carter introducing a theme for the show in the intro.
The series' last season aired in July 2011.
Following the success of Summer Heights High, Lilley premiered his next mockumentary series Angry Boys on 11 May 2011.
The Most Improved Crapper was voted by neighbourhood ballot at a Steam Whistle Brewing keg party held to celebrate the completion of the transformations.
After season five Smallville ventures into adult settings, eventually focusing on his career at the Daily Planet and introducing other DC comic-book superheroes and villains.
Series 12 also introduced the brand new workshop back in the UK.
Borrowing heavily from the reality television genre, the show depicts ordinary men and women undergoing "extreme makeovers" involving plastic surgery, exercise regimens, hairdressing and wardrobing.
It premiered in 2002, but after three years, the show was axed due to the host's pregnancy.
"If there is no solution, it is because there is no problem."
The Say it with Noddy interstitials featured Noddy learning various foreign-language words from a robot named Whizz.
The format has been franchised internationally by many other broadcasters throughout the world.
Inspired by the British TV satirical revue TV shows of the period, "Mavis Bramston" was the first successful venture in this genre on Australian TV.
On the show, Shane Dundas and David Collins play brothers who live together in a strange house with a variety of unusual rooms.
There are a total of 36 episodes produced over the first four seasons.
Julia Jekyll and Harriet Hyde was a British children's television series which aired on BBC One in the UK for 53 episodes between 1995 and 1998.
is the second prime-time animated TV special based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts, by Charles M. Schulz.
"The Complete Third Season" was released through MKW Productions on May 25, 2010.
Summerball took a year off to rebuild its content and will re-air on MSG in the summer of 2010.
The first doctoral dissertation on the program was written in 1991.
Atkinson co-wrote all 15 episodes with either Curtis, Robin Driscoll, or both, with Ben Elton co-writing the pilot.
It was created by Mel Shavelson, who wrote and directed the pilot episode and was one of the show's principal writers.
Allsång på Skansen is a Swedish show held at Skansen, Stockholm, every summer on Tuesdays between 8pm and 9pm.
It is the seventh installment in the Kamen Rider Series.
Palm Beach in Sydney's Northern Beaches district has been used as the location for Summer Bay since 1988.
Vids was a late-night, humorous video review show hosted by peroxide blond Welshman Nigel Buckland and the tall, long haired, bearded Glasgow native, Stef Gardiner.
The service is produced and broadcast from the BBC Broadcasting Centre at St. Peter's Square in Leeds with district newsrooms based in Bradford, Sheffield and York.
All episodes, except episode 16 which is a recap, have been released on DVD with Dutch subtitles and extras.
The program follows the two personalities in their journeys around Europe and the United States.
Nighy credits the series as being his breakthrough role.
Daddio is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from March 23 to October 23, 2000.
Glass Slippers was a 40-episode South Korean drama series that aired on SBS in 2002, starring Kim Hyun-joo and Kim Ji-ho as the two orphaned sisters.
The station also appeared in the first part of the Voyager pilot episode, "Caretaker".
Thirteen episodes of the show were made in 1985.
The Invaders is an American science fiction television program created by Larry Cohen that aired on ABC for two seasons, from 1967 to 1968.
It was produced by Telesistema Mexicano and broadcast June 6, 1958, from Monday to Friday.
It drew an audience of over four million regular viewers as they attempted to leap up the property ladder in seven rungs.
Podge and Rodge have mimicked Irish folk duo Foster and Allen.
The episode Hit and Run is an example of this.
New optical tracking motion capture to acquire Kali Troy's performances, its own dedicated stage for the blue screen set, and a remodeled and designed Cita.
Articles in science magazines are sometimes republished or summarized by the general press.
In 1977, Dick Van Dyke replaced Korman for much of its final season.
My Juan and Only is a comedy/drama series aired on ABS-CBN.
But audiences continued to decline, and Friday Night!
The series was produced by Asylum Entertainment.
Starring Bae Yong-joon and Choi Ji-woo, it is the second part of the season-themed Endless Love series directed by Yoon Seok-ho.
The film is produced by the independent production company Tightrope Pictures and was originally screened on BBC One in the United Kingdom on 25 June 2005.
The Girl with Something Extra is an American fantasy sitcom that aired on NBC for one season during 1973-1974.
It piloted on BBC Kids and Discovery Kids until December 31, 2009.
This is also the last Peanuts special from the 2000s, and the last special to be in standard definition.
It was filmed at Bushey in Watford, and extras included students of the nearby Bushey Hall School and Bushey Meads School.
Hill's life story was documented in the true crime book Wiseguy: Life in a Mafia Family by Nicholas Pileggi.
The show, based on Cosby's remembrances of his childhood gang, centered on Fat Albert, and his friends.
The film chronicles the life of Barbara Hutton, a wealthy but troubled American socialite.
Celebrity Soup is a weekly comedy series focusing on recaps of various pop culture and reality show television highlights of the week.
Following the end of that show's run, Steve Smith developed another series, The Red Green Show.
Raines must deal with his unique, unintentional method, as it causes problems with his co-workers and in his personal life.
The programme features thirty minutes of British national and international news, with an emphasis on the latter.
Baywatch is an American action drama series about the Los Angeles County Lifeguards who patrol the beaches of Los Angeles County, California, starring David Hasselhoff.
Mighty Jack was a tokusatsu science fiction/espionage/action TV series.
It is filmed in the United States and was created by sisters Emilie Brown and Rachel Coleman, the latter of whom hosts the series.
Updated weekly, the show's official website was www.entertainmentspotlight.ca
It was Anderson's second TV series to exclusively use live actors as opposed to marionettes, and his second to be firmly set in contemporary times.
The sixth and last series concluded on 18 January 2007.
It made a star of Paul Hogan, who later appeared in "Crocodile" Dundee.
The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp is the first western television series written for adults, premiering four days before Gunsmoke on September 6, 1955.
The show ran for seven series and 53 episodes — including two Christmas specials — from 1991 to 1997 on BBC1.
However he quickly acknowledged his mistake and placed him on "Fame".
Earlier, the show had experimented with the full-hour format for one week starting on June 30, 1975, after which Ryan's Hope premiered.
Timothy Blair is a Hollywood talent agent.
The series was originally seen on The Movie Network and Movie Central with rebroadcasts on Global and Showcase in Canada.
It is a hybrid of animation and live action footage, and features Spike instead of the core Peanuts characters.
In modern usage, insanity is most commonly encountered as an informal unscientific term denoting mental instability, or in the narrow legal context of the insanity defense.
The show, which was based on the novel of the same name, was canceled by its broadcaster, ABC, after airing one episode on January 9, 2006.
The show placed #46 on Entertainment Weekly's "New TV Classics" list.
Liz Fraser played Sid's long-suffering girlfriend who has been waiting for seven years for Sid to set the date.
After the show initially wrapped, several episodes were recut with different pairings between original segments and the movies featured.
Each episode focused on one of three areas:
The Reader in European Pre-History at the University of Oxford, Dr Andrew Sherratt, was the series host.
In April 2010, the BBC announced that the programme was being cancelled at the end of July 2010.
The Gardening Gamble is a Canadian home improvement television show for gardens, created for W Network.
First broadcast in 2005, seven series have been shown; the most recent ended on 30 June 2011.
It was also shown on HBO, but as of 2017, it now airs on Starz Kids and Family.
It shows the role that ships played in such matters as international politics, uprisings and the slave trade.
It also won a rare institutional Peabody Award in 2011 "for its more than three decades of presenting and preserving eclectic American musical genres."
The initial ideas and proposals from the show's writers were more often suited for film than television and had to be scaled down.
The miniseries was the third-highest rated miniseries of the 1986–87 US television season with a 16.9/27 rating/share.
The characters and settings are all common to Larson's work, such as aliens, anthropomorphic animals and other objects, and cowboys in the Old West.
At the end of the round, there was a quick recap of the scores.
With the exception of the original 1954 series, all episodes of Zoo Quest exist in the BBC Archives.
Up until 2002, SkopjeFest used to be the biggest musical activity in the country.
   Jack Welch, former CEO of General Electric
The series also illustrates some of the changes in business and shipping, such as from wooden to steel ships and from sailing ships to steam ships.
In addition, a tenth anniversary special was made in 2008.
The series, Disney Television Animation's first computer animated series, is aimed at preschoolers.
As each scene was being performed, the contestants could buzz in and identify any of the three elements of the scene for points.
In that year, its ratings jumped significantly after the CBC's unsuccessful renaming of its newscast as Prime Time News.
Also appearing on the show are Bindi's mother Terri, her younger brother Robert, and Steve Irwin's "best mate" and director of Australia Zoo, Wes Mannion.
The Gauntlet II aired in late 2005 and into 2006 with 32 contestants and took place in Trinidad and Tobago.
My Three Sons is an American sitcom.
It ended its run on 6 February 2015 after airing 239 episodes.
The second season was canceled due to payment negotiation issues, since Snoop Dogg asked for $1 million for his role, which MTV refused to pay him.
It reaired on The Disney Channel in 1993 and was aired on YTV in Canada by 1996.
With virtually all of the Vic Reeves Big Night Out characters consigned to the past, a whole range of new characters appeared.
Many sketches in the show were parodies of contemporary television shows.
The name was used until 1998, when the network lost the television rights to the American Football Conference to CBS.
Although Children of Earth was broadcast over a period of five consecutive summer weeknights, the show received high ratings in the United Kingdom and overseas.
One hundred thirty episodes were filmed but TV4] cut it into 260 episodes.
Filmed during 1999, it premiered as part of The Wonderful World of Disney on ABC, and made its début on Disney Channel in March 2000.
A total of 114 thirty-minute episodes were produced by Spartan Productions.
The six chosen students gave up their privacy for one year in return for free rent and the chance to be on television.
The first part of the show consisted of selecting the one player from the audience, set in groups of 20 people, using multiple-choice questions.
The Brigade system is a system of hierarchy found in restaurants and hotels employing extensive staff, many of which use the word chef in their titles.
It aired on NBC from November 1991 to March 1992.
Cybergirl is an Australian children's television series that first screened on Network Ten in Australia.
Gute Zeiten, schlechte Zeiten has tackled with issues like homosexuality, incest, rape, drug addiction, various crimes, breast cancer, bulimia, underage drinking, adoption and mental illnesses.
At the time, Hanna Barbera showcased three individual cartoons in a half-hour program.
Kong: The Animated Series was an American-Canadian television series for children that follows King Kong, the monster of the 1933 film of the same name.
It quickly became the most popular children's show in Norway after its début in 1991, and 198 episodes were made until 1998.
Los Luchadores were the defenders of Union City.
Battlestar Galactica is a three-hour miniseries starring Edward James Olmos and Mary McDonnell, written and produced by Ronald D. Moore and directed by Michael Rymer.
Berman will be replaced with Samantha Ponder, who had previously co-hosted and contributed to College GameDay from 2012–2016.
The series has become somewhat popular in Japan as well, with singer Akira Kushida singing an original theme for the series starting with episode 4.
It chronicles the lives of women engaged to be married, casting their busy schedules in an emphatic and sometimes humorous fashion.
The show stars Mike Ward as Chabot, a comedy character he had previously developed in 2000, and Martin Perizzolo as his friend Poudy Poudrier.
Bobobobs is a series of fictional children’s stories created by Henk Zwart and Nerida Zwart.
The show was originally screened as five half-hour episodes each week and initially receiving mixed reviews on its premiere.
It was also broadcast in Latin America, Portugal, France, Yugoslavia, Bulgaria, Poland and Czechoslovakia.
The show was also aired in UK on Sky One's weekday mornings and later repeated on Channel 5 on weekend mornings between 2001 and 2002.
In 1957, 1958 and 1962, the series was continued from July to September with Summer Magazine.
Home in Toa Payoh is a Singapore Chinese drama which had its original run telecast in December 2003.
Tyler Perry's House of Payne is an American sitcom television series created and produced by playwright, director, and producer Tyler Perry.
It was filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Most notably, The White Lady can make herself visible to Mr. Gudgin ... although actually communicating with him is difficult, as her appearances instantly terrify him.
From February to June 2001, Mrs. Monsod was briefly replaced by TV news anchor Mel Tiangco when she ran for the position of senator.
Unexplained Mysteries is an American documentary television show that originally aired in 2003-2004 for a single season.
Graffiti Rock was a hip-hop based television program, originally screened June 29, 1984.
The miniseries was written and directed by John Kent Harrison and aired in the United States on the CBS network on 4 and 7 December 2005.
Besides Madonna, her dancers and her tour entourage, Åkerlund also shot her family, her working process and her day-to-day life.
Its jazz soundtrack also achieved commercial success, selling 4 million copies in the US.
The DVD was released on August 28, 2007.
It was widely referred to as a pop cultural phenomenon and received mostly positive reception from critics.
Lindström did however return with another language-related series called Svenska dialektmysterier in 2006.
The show first aired in 1989 and was one hour long, split between TNT Motorsports' pulling and monsters.
It ran from 1975 to 1978 and was written by Bob Larbey and John Esmonde.
Trueman often wore a cardigan whilst smoking a pipe throughout his links.
Until September 1998, CTV National News aired at midnight in the Maritime provinces.
It had problems in attaining an audience.
The show stars Beatrice Arthur, Betty White, Rue McClanahan, and Estelle Getty, as four older women who share a home in Miami, Florida.
Its central characters are Marizza Pía Spirito, Mía Colucci, Pablo Bustamante and Manuel Aguirre, portrayed by, respectively, Camila Bordonaba, Luisana Lopilato, Benjamín Rojas and Felipe Colombo.
Most of the organization's $3.8 million budget comes from the efforts of New Right fundraising gurus Richard Viguerie and Bruce Eberle.
The film was noted at the 2006 Primetime Emmy Awards; it won for Outstanding Made for Television Movie.
The series aired weeknights at 6 p.m. EST on Food Network Canada and repeated daily at 8 a.m. and 1 p.m. EST.
We have reached round three-the San Marino Grand Prix.
Miami 7 is a television series starring British pop group S Club 7.
The documentary was originally called The Re-Invented Process, referencing the tour and the Steven Klein exhibition titled X-STaTIC Pro=CeSS.
The program featured American television's first never-married, independent career woman as the central character.
Our Hero is a television show on the CBC from 2000 to 2002.
Mr. Belvedere is an American sitcom that originally aired on ABC from March 15, 1985 to July 8, 1990.
India's Most Wanted was a crime busting fugitive hunter television show initially on Zee TV and later on DD1, India's national broadcaster Doordarshan.
The show was renamed Illinois' Luckiest in 1998 and aired until 2000.
MCGI members have accused the INC of being behind the murder as Mataro's TV program, "D'Xman", was critical of the Iglesia ni Cristo doctrines.
A pilot aired in Dec 2003, having been underwritten by Electronic Arts.
Five high school students competed in each episode, with the top three earning the right to continue.
Communications Company, the series was created by Heywood Kling and co-executive produced by Don Kirshner and Norman Lear.
A total of 13 episodes were aired, with two episodes remaining unaired.
Uncommon Threads is a TV craft show on the DIY Network, hosted by Allison Whitlock.
Kenny Live is a televised talk show presented by Pat Kenny on Raidió Teilifís Éireann.
The Lionhearts is an animated series from MGM that aired on Saturday and Sunday mornings in syndication from September 19 to December 12, 1998.
Dotto rose to become the highest rated daytime program in television history, as of 1958.
ESPN Classic began to feature the program with host, Chris Fowler, as the highlight of its weeknight prime-time programing, airing five nights a week.
The program features narrations, interviews, and dramatic re-enactments based on various accounts of paranormal experiences at reportedly haunted and mostly residential locations.
Backed by a strong supporting cast, the series follows the Trotters' highs and lows in life, in particular their attempts to get rich.
The Common Room's main presenters were Tim Dixon and Emma Lee.
Rugrats is an American animated television series created by Arlene Klasky, Gábor Csupó and Paul Germain for Nickelodeon.
Actor Tom Riis Farrell appeared in a frequent segment called "The Uncle Hogram Program", a parody of Mr Bill.
It aired on MBC from February 7 to March 29, 2001 on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 16 episodes.
The Chaser’s Election Desk aired in the six weeks prior to the 2016 federal election.
As of 2017, the primary hosts for The NFL Today are longtime sportscaster James Brown and former Pittsburgh Steelers head coach Bill Cowher.
The WNBA on ESPN refers to the presentation of Women's National Basketball Association games on the ESPN family of networks.
Several of the main actors appeared in sitcoms that were popular at that time.
Re:covered was a music television show broadcast in the UK on BBC Choice in 2002 and hosted by Dermot O'Leary.
Most of the show's recordings were lost in a 1978 fire.
The Bob Clampett Show is an animation anthology television program which ran from 2000 to 2001.
Disney released several products to promote the film.
After a few episodes, he is given a white T-shirt to go with it.
and Last of the Summer Wine, which is the world's longest running sitcom, having run from January 1973 to August 2010.
To enhance the story and to be more entertaining, two antagonistic characters were introduced.
Tru Confessions is a 2002 Disney Channel Original Movie.
Developed by Walt Disney Television Animation, the show premiered on Disney Channel's Playhouse Disney block on May 12, 2007.
The site was acquired by Mary Pickford and Douglas Fairbanks and dubbed Pickford-Fairbanks Studios in 1919.
In the twenty-second season, the location returned to be a gym, the Gael's Martial Arts Gym, placed within the art school Ribalta.
It is a biopic of Canadian country star Shania Twain, that was originally scheduled to air in October, but was delayed by the CBC labour dispute.
It differed from traditional American late night shows, incorporating sexy co-hostesses, interactive phone games, and a variety of vaudeville acts.
The minimum prize is one million baht when one month later the prize will be add another million until maximum prize of 10 million.
Vera sto Dexi is a Greek television soap opera.
Three of the unaired episodes were telecast by the Showtime cable network in December 1999.
Subjects were separated by eye catches that often featured the artwork of Junko Mizuno.
The series was produced by Granada Productions for LIVING.
Road Rules is an MTV reality show that was a sister show of the network's flagship reality show, The Real World.
[1] It starred Fanfreluche, a living doll who retold fairy tales and legends to the viewers.
The series debuted on BBC One with a 60-minute special, "Invasion of the Bane", on 1 January 2007, and broadcast through to 2011.
The show's theme tune was composed by Jack Trombey and the track was entitled Domino.
Its name was changed to The Ted Knight Show when the show was retooled for what would turn out to be its final season.
The special is about Garfield spending Christmas with the Arbuckle family on their farm, and discovering the true meaning of Christmas.
The series was made for Swedish TV4 where it was moved from early prime time to middays due to bad ratings.
When the seventh series of the show aired in colour in 1970, its popularity spread internationally.
Following Clokey's success with the Gumby series, Davey and Goliath premiered in syndication on February 25, 1961  as a Saturday feature, and lasted until 1965.
In the UK, it is available as a four-disc DVD set, encoded for Region 0, by Network Video.
Throughout the show's entire two-year run, Dailey Pike was Roseanne's warmup guy and sidekick regular on the show.
704 Hauser is an American sitcom and a spin-off of All in the Family that aired on CBS from April 11 to May 9, 1994.
From 3 March 2014 to 17 October 2014 UniMás aired another re-run at 7pm/6c.
Love Monkey is an American comedy-drama television series created by Michael Rauch and based on the book of the same name, by Kyle Smith.
It was originally to be entitled Streatham Hill, but was renamed Bromwell High in January 2005.
The series was generally poorly received despite the impressive cast.
The series was re-titled The New Temperatures Rising Show, and featured a new supporting cast: Sudie Bond, Barbara Cason, Jennifer Darling, Jeff Morrow, and John Dehner.
Bob Eubanks was the host, and Gene Wood announced during the first two weeks.
", a phrase which immediately passed into the vernacular.
Back in the Day is a television show on the North American cable/satellite network, Speed Channel.
Garry Halliday is a British television series for children on the BBC from 1959 to 1962.
The show's theme tune is a cover version of "One Way Road", written by Noel Gallagher and performed by Paul Weller.
Video Soul is a 2-hour long American music video program that aired on BET from 1981 to 1996.
The show debuted in the fall of 1988 and ran until CNN cancelled it in 2005.
The special premiered on ABC on December 2, 1976.
The series title is translated as "The Wrestlers" or "The Fighters" from Spanish.
Football Icon was a British television programme shown on Sky One.
It was also screened in Australia on the public broadcaster ABC Television and in New Zealand on Television New Zealand.
It stars Andy Griffith in the role of Andy Taylor, the widowed sheriff of the fictional small community of Mayberry, North Carolina.
Sallis and Thornton, both past members of the trio, continued in supporting roles alongside the new actors.
Except for a different title and usage of celebrities, the VH1 show is identical to MTV's Fear.
MyNetworkTV produced an American version in English titled Watch Over Me.
Astro Farm is an English children's television series animated in stop motion.
The series was produced by QM Productions.
Despite early, widespread calls for the creation of a third season, Kapoutzidis made it clear that the second would be the last season of the show.
It was written by Dorkin and Chuck Sheetz and received a positive reception.
It is the last TV series in the Tales From the Crypt franchise.
The 10th Annual American Music Awards were held on January 17, 1983.
The show-within-a-show is run by executive producers Matt Albie and Danny Tripp.
In the Life was a lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender television newsmagazine, broadcast on PBS and produced by In The Life Media.
It was originally recorded in English at Place D'Youville in Montreal then subsequently dubbed into French.
He also hosted 13 episodes of Series 4.
Production ceased on 4 November, and the final episode was broadcast on 30 December 2005.
Cita's World is a video music show that aired on BET.
The final season began in September 2010 and ended two months later on November 22.
2009 was the final season of the festival.
When Rules Turn Loose is a TVB modern drama series broadcast in December 2005.
Brian Jamieson directed most of the programmes though the last series was directed by Will Donaldson, better known as co-producer of Tweenies.
The programme returned after a three-year break, from 25 May 2009 to 9 March 2012.
The 20 was a weekly television show that aired on the VH1 cable television network in the United States.
Goldstick and Pennette also serve as executive producers as do Brian Robbins and Mike Tollin.
Former WWE wrestler Maria Kanellis and Cortney Owen, the current wife of NASCAR driver Johnny Sauter were contestants on the show.
Orange County Choppers is in Newburgh, New York.
But Pushkar and Pia love each other, so Bani sacrifices her love for the sake of her sister.
From August 5, 2012 to July 13, 2014, Imbestigador aired every Sunday at 9:15PM after Kapuso Mo, Jessica Soho, in observance of the show's 12th anniversary.
During its run, underwriters included Pfizer, the New York Stock Exchange, and GE.
Both of these used the novel's original title.
The opening and closing theme music was written by composer George Antheil.
It was a co-production of The Disney Channel and PBS, and aired in that order, and was released on video.
It was ABC's attempt to turn female stand-up comic Phyllis Diller into a sitcom comedian very much in the style of Lucille Ball.
Her performance in the show led to actress Meredith Henderson being nominated for a Gemini Award in 1998 and winning one in 1999.
It was formerly broadcast in the United States until late September 2010 on This TV.
In 1997, the show won an Emmy Award from the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences in the Entertainment Series category.
It was replaced by a new sports show Match of the Day Kickabout, which airs in Sportsround's original BBC Two slot on Saturday mornings.
Life with Bonnie is an ABC television sitcom that originally aired from 2002 to 2004.
Other niche programs such as The Lawrence Welk Show and Soul Train also rose to prominence in syndication during the era.
It featured many well-known Australian comedians, including comedy-band Tripod.
GSN Video Games was a short-lived block of shows on television network GSN.
Originally aired in Canada on The Comedy Network, reruns were later screened on CTV and YTV.
Agatha Christie's Poirot is a British mystery drama television series that aired on ITV from 8 January 1989 to 13 November 2013.
The series was produced by Columbia Pictures Television.
Night Heat was a Canadian police drama series, which aired on both CTV in Canada and CBS in the United States.
For a year afterward reruns were seen on Saturday mornings, and eventually syndicated through the 1960s.
David Tench Tonight was a short-lived television talk show created for Network Ten in Australia.
Was starred by Mexican actress Ana Martín and Argentine actor Boy Olmi.
Though the show started out with good ratings, it failed to hold the public's interest and was canceled after two seasons.
The series was filmed at the unused Vincent Massey Public School in Etobicoke, Ontario.
It starred John Neville as the duke and Susan Hampshire as the duchess, was written and produced by Donald Wilson, and was directed by David Giles.
When CBeebies was launched on 11 February 2002, it became the new children's programming block for Tweenies to be shown on.
The show was made in and set in Peckham, London, and featured a predominantly black British Guyanese cast.
The show also airs internationally via GMA Pinoy TV, while reruns are aired via Fox Filipino.
It is produced from Global's national news centre in Burnaby, British Columbia, with Dawna Friesen and Robin Gill anchoring the weekday and weekend editions respectively.
The telenovela was shown in the United States in 1988 through Univision.
Currently, it became a question and answer program about the doctrines of the INC through by e-mail messages by non-members.
While the program was short-lived and featured controversial material, it has since been considered ahead of its time.
Their easy and approachable on-screen chemistry is credited with boosting ratings after an unpromising start, establishing the show as a popular staple of British viewing.
Only a pilot episode was produced, although 12 additional scripts were prepared, should the series be picked up.
The show starred Michael Madsen and Kathleen York.
Xena was a successful show which has aired in more than 108 countries around the world since 1998.
Also in the cast were Kristine Sutherland, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, and John Daman.
Friendly Friend: An unknown creature who usually annoys Bunny.
The chosen cook gets a date with the mystery date.
Finally, the Captain would tell them to "freeze", not moving a muscle as the camera panned over the crowd of kids attempting to remain still.
It has also screened on the Disney Channel Australia and on the CITV Channel in the United Kingdom.
All 14 hours were re-released on DVD in 2006 by PBS.
The basic plot was that brothers Ray and Ken Sunnyside inherited the failing Sunnyside Farm.
8 Simple Rules is an American sitcom, originally starring John Ritter and Katey Sagal as middle-class parents Paul and Cate Hennessy raising a family of three.
The hot dog van has a 3D giant sized hot dog on its roof.
Ross Kemp on Gangs is a documentary series that was broadcast on Sky 1 from 21 September 2004, until 6 January 2009.
Bagpuss is a British children's television series, made by Peter Firmin and Oliver Postgate.
But in 1977, three years prior to MTV, the now popular RadPix had been allocated a small budget with producer Alan Thurston and its first presenter.
In both the special and series, Gordon Pinsent portrayed North-West Mounted Police officer Sgt Edgar Sturgess.
The hour-long series premiered on CNN on June 24, 2002.
It tells the adventures of incompetent sixty-six-year-old postman Les Mutton who also happens to be the superhero known as Zeroman.
She provides voiceovers for most of the show and is shown at only one or two places.
In between clips, the hosts' banter often covered events in entertainment news.
In addition to being a convenience for the hearing-impaired, this also allowed those who could hear to read along with the story.
The heroes are humans called the Lightning League who drive white and silver vehicles with assorted weaponry led by a teenager named Jayce.
As of 2017 it is presented by Fiona Bruce and is in its 39th series.
It was produced by the British company 12 Yard, whose main creative team devised and produced Weakest Link and Dog Eat Dog.
Brian George stars as their police officer friend Sgt.
The program featured various subjects related to science and technology.
It currently airs on Eleven at 8am Monday, Tuesday and Saturday for new episodes and repeats on Wednesdays at 8.30am.
On May 29, 2006, Canal de las Estrellas started broadcasting Código Postal weekdays at 6:30pm, replacing Rebelde.
The Best Comedy Performer and Best Variety Show Host Awards were introduced to recognise excellence in non-drama categories such as sitcoms, comedy shows and variety/infotainment shows.
The three main characters are Quasimodo, Esmeralda, and François.
An anthology series created by Hammer Films in association with Cinema Arts International and ITC Entertainment, it consists of thirteen 51-minute episodes, originally broadcast on ITV.
The program was syndicated from 1950 to 1952 for 195 episodes, then was revived in 1959 for 260 color episodes.
The show's first episode aired on January 7, 2004, and the last one aired on April 17, 2006.
On 28 November 2016, Jennifer Saunders announced that the series is finished.
Each episode had a theme and featured a guest star or two.
After a couple of spin-off series, Late Night Poker Ace and Late Night Poker Masters, it returned in 2008.
Jacob and Joshua: Nemesis Rising is a reality television program originating on the LGBT network Logo.
The series ran on PTV from May till July 1998.
The series broadcast its last programme on 28 March 1987.
The series' short but popular run ended when it was canceled by the network.
The show was created by Steven Spielberg, Michael Pavone, Eric Bogosian, and Dave Alan Johnson.
This show often makes references to sensitive issues such as culture shock and racial discrimination.
During the first season, episodes aired on Wednesdays at 9pm and Thursdays at 8pm.
Two episodes of the show were aired.
It is hosted by the British actor, author and Oscar-winning screenwriter, Julian Fellowes.
Bug Juice is a Disney Channel reality series that premiered on February 28, 1998.
Against the Blade of Honour is a Hong Kong television series adapted from Gu Long's novel Yuanyue Wandao.
The main characters are Vince Clark, a depressed, sardonic recluse played by Sean Lock, and Errol Spears, Vince's optimistic whipping boy, played by Benedict Wong.
He has a secret crush on Percy.
According to PopMatters, "the creators [said] they intended the series as their 'love letter to New York.'"
The last live broadcast aired on May 26, 2006, with reruns continuing until September 15, 2006.
The stories are set in the United Kingdom and the United States in an unspecified period between the late 1920s and the 1930s.
Impact: Stories of Survival is a documentary television series that premiered in 2002 on and was produced by the Discovery Health Channel.
It was often part of The Three Friends and Jerry when it aired on Fox Family.
The series holds a TV-14 rating, though select episodes are rated TV-MA--also a first for the truTV network.
At each destination Dane Cook and fellow comedians play a game or do an activity before performing.
Each episode consists of three short cartoons with approximately the same runtime as the original theatrical shorts.
Some of the characters impersonated also featured in person on the show, where they meet Culshaw, who is impersonating them, and they interview themselves.
The show's style was more akin to Good Morning America than SportsCenter's straight news and highlights format.
American Morning was replaced by two new programs, Early Start and Starting Point.
In October 2014, Showtime announced that the show would return as a limited series.
Cases portrayed in the show were loosely based upon actual incidents of sensational crimes such as murders, kidnappings, cross-border sex traffic and child pornography.
Telefacts is a Belgian news program, broadcast by VTM since 1990.
It was first broadcast on BBC One in late 2004.
Its main cast include Robert Bathurst, Joe Prospero, Carla Mendonça, Brian Bovell and Emma Sackville.
It was directed and produced by Harold Snoad, who also directed and produced another sitcom, Keeping Up Appearances.
Stevens also wrote the screenplay for the miniseries.
Directed by Ted Kotcheff, Irene Shubik produced it.
The second series aired from 9 June 2007.
The winner got to perform live in front of a world class orchestra.
Disney Channel Games were not aired after 2008, but a similar series called Disney's Friends for Change Games aired in 2011.
The Whitest Kids U' Know was an American sketch comedy troupe and television program of the same name.
On August 15, 2010, aside from birthday of Mel Tiangco, the new intro of Mel & Joey is unveiled.
Created and executive-produced by Henry Hampton at the film production company Blackside and narrated by Julian Bond.
It was dropped from Fox's Saturday morning schedule on January 1, 1994.
The first two episodes aired in primetime on Fox.
The show achieved a spot in the Nielsen Top 30 for four of its six seasons.
The show is broadcast across many countries and regarded as the benchmark for kids television in Australia.
In the USA, the series will air as a 15-minute program on NBCUniversal's new kid-friendly channel, Universal Kids.
It was ABC's longest-running primetime one-hour drama series until Grey's Anatomy surpassed it in 2016.
The show revolved around a husband and wife run law firm.
The academic consultant for the series was Professor Stanley Wells.
It was also one of the first cartoons whose animation was outsourced; storyboards were shipped to Gamma Productions, a Mexican studio also employed by Total Television.
Reruns of the show aired on Qubo Night Owl from 2010 to 2013, and on the Retro Television Network from 2010 to 2015.
Killer Bash is a 2005 homoerotic television horror film directed by David DeCoteau.
The inspector inspects the house and systematically find problems.
The show usually performed a deep analysis, often with open discussions among experts or even interviewing specific figures involved in the issues.
The premise involved a gay man and his relationship with a single mother and her five-year-old daughter whom he invites to live with him.
The Armstrongs was a British television drama/documentary series broadcast on the BBC in the UK.
In the course of each show, Brown tours each city and interacts with the town's locals.
The show's first episode, "Andy and Helen's Wedding", had the highest ratings in recorded television history.
However, after the production of two pilots, the show was canceled by the network without having ever been placed on its schedule.
The show was created and produced by Irwin Allen.
It premiered on Nickelodeon on July 9, 2005.
The third season began airing in 2010 under the title Let's Go Pocoyo and was designed to teach English to Spanish preschoolers.
It spawned musical acts O-Town, Da Band, Danity Kane, Day26, and Donnie Klang.
The winner of Pet Star's third season was Spencer Lococo, a male Rhodesian Ridgeback mixed breed from Lexington, Kentucky.
Weekend editions of the program also air on Saturday and Sunday from 7 to 8 a.m.
Other characters included the talking bird Couac and the mechanical dog Millimagino.
It is notable for realistic and socially challenging storylines.
Men Behaving Badly became highly successful after being moved to a post-watershed slot on BBC1.
Barth was purportedly the twin brother of Garth Gimble from Mary Hartman.
"When one tries continuously, one ends up succeeding.
A first for HBO, Lucky Louie was filmed before a live studio audience, in a multiple-camera setup.
London Plus was the name of the BBC's regional news programme for southeastern England.
The series was remade in the United States as Three's Company in 1977.
The contestants in this challenge were grouped into two teams of "Good Guys" and "Bad Asses", representing the "heroes" and "villains" of their respective seasons.
The series premiered in the United States in 1987 and had a run of 52 episodes.
The first series of 25 eleven-minute episodes, The Adventures of Spin and Marty, was filmed in 1955.
The series is the first installment of season-themed tetralogy Endless Love drama series directed by Yoon Seok-ho.
An episode of the second series, 'Para Handy's Piper', guest starred future Tenth Doctor David Tennant in one of his early acting roles.
Matches primarily saw top tier and mid-level talent versus jobbers.
Every year the VRT organises the Flikkendag, a family day where the public can meet the actors of the show.
Other featured cast members were Webb Pierce, Bobby Lord, Leroy Van Dyke, Norma Jean and Carl Smith.
In February 2013, Doctor Who Confidential was voted the best BBC Three show of all time in a Radio Times poll on their website.
From 1966, it was presented by Mahendra Kaul, with Saleem Shahed.
Other popular singers who participated as mentors in the show were Chenoa or Marta Sánchez, among others.
The program was broadcast weekly and was approximately 30 minutes in length.
Due to the series' budget limitations, comic book panels were interspersed through each skit in lieu of special effects.
Marking Time was an Australian television mini-series, consisting of four one-hour episodes.
The series was moderated by Clifton Fadiman.
Seinfeld is an American sitcom that originally ran for nine seasons on NBC, from 1989 to 1998.
The series is notable for helping launch the careers of several cartoonists, including Seth MacFarlane and Butch Hartman.
“Music-style show”: featured music from a particular genre, such as DanceHall, or a particular artist like Bob Marley in honor of his birthday;
It is to date the only Canadian TV show to ever gather more than 4 million viewers, a performance it achieved twice in 1995.
Episodes were regularly found on regional broadcast stations until March 2011.
Cast members included Norman Beaton, Corinne Skinner-Carter, Wayne Laryea, Joseph Marcell, Rudolph Walker and Rosa Roberts.
It was also that program's last summer replacement series.
Johnny Tsunami is the predecessor to Johnny Kapahala: Back on Board, released in June 2007.
Automan is an American soft science fiction superhero television series produced by Glen A. Larson.
The Ugliest Girl in Town is an American sitcom produced by Screen Gems for ABC.
The series also was presented by Screen Gems, the television arm of Columbia Pictures.
Super Gran is a 1980s children's television programme, about a grandmother with super powers.
Created by Ed Decter and John J. Strauss .
Special Bulletin is a 1983 American made-for-TV movie.
The story strongly focuses on both personal and clan-level relationships between Jung-sook, a member of Papyeong's Yun clan, and Hyuk-joon, a member of Andong's Kwon clan.
It is noted for being one of the first shows animated completely using Macromedia Flash software.
The programme was a spin-off series from Blue Peter which had featured record breaking attempts overseen by the McWhirter twins.
The rights to Best of World Championship Wrestling now belong to World Wrestling Entertainment.
The trip from the North Pole to the South Pole went via Scandinavia, the Soviet Union, parts of Europe, and through the heart of Africa.
The special was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program and has been released on DVD.
The third series features a new set and new graphics that are virtually identical to those used on the US show.
The main themes of this series are courage and love of family.
Stoppit and Tidyup was a British children's animated cartoon series originally broadcast by the BBC in 1988.
The series followed the fortunes of a fictional second division football team, Brentwich United.
Teen thriller movie called "Nightmare – Painajainen merellä" was one of the most watched Finnish film in 2012.
The program was also broadcast on Fine Living in the United States, a channel aimed at both male and female viewers.
Consolevania is a video games TV show filmed in and around Glasgow, Scotland.
Nighy and Macdonald had previously starred together in the 2003 BBC serial State of Play, which was also directed by Yates and produced by Bevan-Jones.
It is the best-known series to arise from Channel 101.
This idea first featured in Alter Ego.
It was subsequently released on Netflix in the UK and USA in seven 50-minute episodes.
Ruff Ruffman appears to be a Labrador Retriever.
The program has been on the air since September 1975, and its primary focus is on investigative journalism.
The cartoon was a combination of Red Baron-era Snoopy, Wacky Races, and the film Those Magnificent Men in Their Flying Machines.
It was created originally by Luis Raúl.
The soap mainly revolves around the lives of the families Alberts, Sanders, De Jong, Van Houten and Bouwhuis.
Despite fan efforts to save the show, it was cancelled in May 2000, and it began airing in syndication on Fox Family Channel that same month.
Other notable cast members include Stacey Dash, Teri Polo, Alex Désert and Matt LeBlanc.
The opening and closing theme music for the TV series is entitled "Francis Urquhart's March", by composer Jim Parker.
WNET in New York produced it and PBS aired it from 1972 to 1976.
It was created by playwright George F. Walker, his writing partner Dani Romain, and Osgoode Hall Law School graduate and longtime Canadian TV producer Bernard Zukerman.
The franchise also had a toy line by Hasbro.
The BBC confirmed on 2 June 2010 that Last of the Summer Wine would no longer be produced and the 31st series would be its last.
The program was produced by Probe Productions, Inc. and aired on both TV5 and GMA 7 before it was cancelled after 10 years in July 2002.
is centered on reformed juvenile delinquent Cornelius Fillmore and his partner Ingrid Third, who solve crimes as members of the Safety Patrol at X Middle School.
Da Möb is a Swedish animated series, created by Magnus Carlsson, about three youngsters who form a rap band called Da Möb.
The programme is set in the Olympic Hotel, pre-named on the hope of the successful bid for the UK to host the 1992 Olympic Games.
The Birds II: Land's End premiered on Showtime on March 14, 1994.
Since 2000, each episode has typically been written and produced in the week preceding its broadcast, with Parker serving as the primary writer and director.
The series also served as the basis of an adventure game titled Stupid Invaders.
The executive producer for the series was Aaron Spelling, who produced several TV series for ABC from the 1960s into the 1980s.
The first jet aircraft was the German Heinkel He 178 in 1939.
The first season aired in five episodes, with Darlene Westgor being the winner.
Criminal Minds is set primarily at the FBI's Behavioral Analysis Unit based in Quantico, Virginia.
Eric Schaeffer created the show as well as writing, starring in and directing it, based upon his own struggle with eating disorders.
Theodor Pištěk designed the costumes for the series.
Web-exclusive content aired during the television commercial break.
The show focuses on the efforts of Dick Dastardly and his canine sidekick Muttley to catch Yankee Doodle Pigeon, a carrier pigeon who carries secret messages.
The cast of The Electric Company played the roles of the various characters in each story, with another serving as narrator.
Joan of Arc is a 1999 two-part television miniseries about the 15th century Catholic saint of the same name.
The programme is broadcast 10 times daily Monday - Fridays.
TV Patrol Panay is broadcast in the local Hiligaynon language.
Shooting was originally planned for 2014, but production was suspended due to production company refusing to handle the rights of Kaamelott to him.
That led to the made-for-TV movie, Eunice, and finally the television series.
College Bowl College Bowl) was a radio, television, and student quiz show.
In 2006, it was followed by a computer-animated sequel, Here Comes Peter Cottontail: The Movie.
In July 2008, after the sixth series had finished, Sky announced they had cancelled the show due to the sixth series' low ratings.
Pig ears and snouts — C & K Barbecue, St. Louis, Missouri
Therefore, cultural views of luck vary from perceiving luck as a matter of random chance to attributing to such explanations of faith or superstition.
The network also airs select games on Opening Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, and Labor Day.
Movie Surfers is a Disney Channel mini that appears in commercial form where teenagers go behind the scenes of Walt Disney related films.
Newsweird, which features strange news from around the globe.
The program visits various locations in the state highlighting activities, attractions, and dining options.
The series originally aired from June 23 to August 18, 2002.
Each episode would end with a Japanese band joining the show to perform.
The URL in the series' title is stated by Phred to stand for "U R Live," in addition to referencing the show's focus on Web content.
A second series titled 'The New Adventures of The Shoe People' consisting of 26 episodes was commissioned using a number of new characters.
Prehistoric Park is a six-episode docu-fiction television mini-series that premiered on ITV on 22 July 2006 and on Animal Planet on 29 October 2006.
My Fabulous Gay Wedding is a Canadian reality show hosted by comedian Scott Thompson in the first season and Elvira Kurt in the second.
A fourth series about a coalition government was broadcast in 2012, with the last episode transmitted on 27 October 2012.
The last season aired in 2006, which was Season 5.
The program's former host was Michaëlle Jean, who was appointed the new Governor General of Canada effective September 27, 2005.
The show appeared in K-Zone magazine to celebrate 500 episodes.
The Bionic Woman series features Jaime Sommers, who takes on special high-risk government missions using her superhuman bionic powers.
The historic Forrest Griffin vs. Stephan Bonnar fight in the first season drew millions of viewers to the show and launched the sport into the mainstream.
Leeza received 27 Daytime Emmy Award nominations and has won three Emmy awards.
It was created by Ronald Chesney and Ronald Wolfe.
However, tapes have been known to change hands on eBay for high prices.
Season 41 premiered on 5 February 2016.
V: The Final Battle is a 1984 American TV miniseries.
Name That Tune returned to syndication as a daily series in 1984 with '70s series syndicator Sandy Frank taking over production from Ralph Edwards.
It was the first TV series to be digitally animated using CelAction 2D, while the first release of the software was still under development.
This season went on every Saturday until December 27, 2014.
It is the youngest airing daytime soap opera in the United States, celebrating its twenty-fifth anniversary in March 2012.
Dark Kingdom: The Dragon King was written by the husband and wife team of Diane Duane and Peter Morwood and is a Tandem Communications production.
Reporter's Notebook is an investigative news magazine television show in the Philippines hosted by senior reporters Jiggy Manicad and Maki Pulido.
Burgo's Catch Phrase was an Australian game show that ran between 1997 and 2003, produced by Southern Star Group for the Nine Network.
The Really Wild Show was a long-running British television show about wildlife, broadcast by the BBC as part of their CBBC service to children.
The trip took him to Taiwan, Nagorno-Karabakh, South Ossetia, Somaliland and Transnistria.
American Latino TV is an award winning nationally syndicated television program produced by American Latino Syndication, a division of LATV Networks.
More recently the programme has formed a partnership with the Open University Business School.
Creator Keith Chapman is also the originator of the Bob the Builder series.
Another phrase that is used is mentioned during sped up footage of them travelling to their next destination "Hold onto your Bobs, Bits" and vice versa.
The series aired on SBS from April 3 to May 23, 2006 on Mondays and Tuesdays at 21:55 for 16 episodes.
From 1925 until the late 1960s the floats from the Parade were reused in Montreal where Eaton's had been holding Santa Claus Parades since 1909.
For example, here is the close from the episode about architect's fish and chips:
Each episode also had a current chart single being performed in it.
The Osbournes is an American reality television program featuring the domestic life of heavy metal singer Ozzy Osbourne and his family.
After 25 years, almost everybody in the Netherlands knows the show and a generation grew up with it.
In fact, Gadget Boy sometimes makes a cameo appearance in the show.
Rob Brydon's Annually Retentive is a British television show, first aired on BBC Three in July 2006.
She Creature is a 2001 television film starring Rufus Sewell, Carla Gugino and Rya Kihlstedt and directed by Sebastian Gutierrez .
is the first television series to have its inception on Animation Domination.
Originally the position was held by Kathie Lee Gifford, then known as Kathie Lee Johnson, who performed until 1978.
In early 2009, updated systems were installed with the latest version of Scala5, with a dual redundant system to counter any issues of service.
Waynehead lasted for only 13 episodes and has never been released on VHS or DVD.
A fourth season of 15 episodes was released on Netflix on May 26, 2013.
The show's name is a portmanteau for télévision and français.
Currently, Warner Bros. owns the rights to SilverHawks and other TV series made by Lorimar and/or Telepictures.
Gene Simmons Family Jewels is an American reality television series that premiered on A&E on August 7, 2006.
The show provided in-depth information on issues and debates often not covered by the mainstream media.
In each episode, Veronica solves a different stand-alone case while working to solve a more complex mystery.
The show aired in 2005, and took place in Manzanillo, Mexico.
The popularity of the show made the idea of appearing on it attractive to musicians.
Cosmetic Surgery Live, "All New Cosmetic Surgery Live", is a UK TV show broadcast on Five.
It was the sixth installment in Toei Company's Super Sentai series of tokusatsu television dramas.
Reruns are often shown by various regional ARD stations and on foreign broadcasters.
Even his trademark opening line, "Good evening Mr. and Mrs. North and South America and all the ships at sea ... let's go to press!"
Both had formerly served in the same respective roles for Family Feud.
If the contestant chose the £20,000 cash prize, a phone-in viewer had the opportunity to win the 100,000 Lottery tickets.
Real Life with Jane Pauley was a newsmagazine television program aired in the United States by NBC from 1990 to 1991.
A featured comedian would also perform between acts.
Unlike many other King mini-series, Storm of the Century was not based upon a Stephen King novel—King wrote it as a screenplay from the beginning.
Each episode is presented as a monologue, filmed by a fixed camera in the confines of his cab.
This, coupled with Wilson's repeated demands for higher raises in his salary, caused the series to go over its budget and led to its cancellation.
Art direction was by Reg Hill and special effects were by Derek Meddings, all of whom would become long-time collaborators of Anderson.
Palace Guard is a drama series that was briefly broadcast by CBS as part of its 1991 fall lineup.
Delicious Proposal is a 2001 South Korean television series starring Jung Joon, Son Ye-jin, So Yoo-jin and So Ji-sub.
The show is also broadcast in the US on Univision.
The show has used several models, most notably Anitra Ford, Janice Pennington, Dian Parkinson, Holly Hallstrom and Kathleen Bradley.
They finished in Antigua at 07:13 GMT on 19 January 2006, with a crossing time of 49 days, 19 hours, 8 minutes.
Famous con man Steve Comisar appeared on Leeza as a fraud prevention expert, under the name Brett Champion.
How I Met Your Mother is an American sitcom that originally aired on CBS from September 19, 2005 to March 31, 2014.
It was directed by Emile Bourget, Philippe LeClerc, Alan Simpson, and Frederic Trouillot, with the episodes written by Steve Walker.
It was followed by Son of Fred later in 1956.
The series won a Peabody Award in 1963.
One Life to Live heavily focuses on the members and relationships of the Lord family.
It stars Jill Hennessy as Jordan Cavanaugh, M.D., a crime-solving forensic pathologist employed in the Massachusetts Office of the Chief Medical Examiner.
The series centres on Wallace, a good-natured, eccentric, cheese-loving inventor, along with his companion Gromit, a silent yet loyal and intelligent anthropomorphic dog.
It is the first long-running, highly rated court show to win an Emmy.
The program, which made its debut in 1973, ended national broadcasts in 2007.
On November 21, 2014, Sony Pictures Television cancelled The Queen Latifah Show after two seasons due to low ratings.
It nonetheless gained a cult following and has been referenced in a wide variety of media.
The first of the two specials was shown on Boxing Day 2006.
It was produced by the Reg Grundy Organisation for Network Ten.
It was announced in January 2005 that the series would not be recommissioned due to low viewing figures.
The Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission did not agree that CIVT's new network programming supplanted this commitment and asked the station to fulfill its promise.
The VJ would play new and old metal videos, taped interviews, play requests, and go over recent metal news.
The infomercial is formatted as a panel discussion in combination with segments about specific companies and their solutions.
The program's spin-off, Great Performances: Dance In America, which began on PBS in 1976, concentrates solely on dance.
There is a love triangle between two of them with the same man, but in the end neither of them has him.
It is aired live daily from ABS-CBN Davao Newscenter at 5:00 PM, from Monday to Friday, simulcast on TV-24 Mati, Davao Oriental.
The show is a long-running local program in the Chicago area and in recent years expanded nationally, airing Saturday nights on MeTV.
The show was the 2003 TV Land Awards "Future Classic" winner.
It won two Emmys and a Peabody Award, and has since been broadcast in more than 60 countries and seen by over 500 million people.
The show was cancelled in 1991, however the Fat Cat character continues to feature on television in Perth as the mascot of the Telethon fundraising organization.
The program also serves as the breaking news broadcast of the GMA Network.
Danielle Demski filled in for Coyne while the latter was on maternity leave for part of the 2013–14 season.
Quarxs was one of the earliest computer animated series, predating ReBoot, and the first one produced in HD.
It was originally broadcast on HBO on September 3, 2009.
It ran for three series, with the first two series focusing on practitioners located in the British Isles.
Battlebots was removed from ABC website list of current reality shows.
The Clothes Show is a British television show about fashion that can currently be seen weeknights on Really.
Relic Hunter is a Canadian television series, starring Tia Carrere and Christien Anholt.
The cast also included John Koensgen as "Ivan Telaly" the Russian news announcer.
The Magic Window was an American children's television program broadcast on ABC affiliate WOI-TV in Ames, Iowa from 1951 to 1994.
Midnight Caller is a dramatic NBC television series created by Richard DiLello, which ran from 1988 to 1991.
The Polka Dot Door was a Canadian children's television series which was produced by the Ontario Education Communications Authority from 1971–1993.
That Peter Kay Thing is a series of six spoof documentaries shown on Channel 4 in 2000.
The Even Chance is the name given to this first film in the United Kingdom, while in the United States it is known as The Duel.
The first episode aired on July 28, 2006.
On 20 January 1967 the show, sponsored by Union Carbide, was renamed The 21st Century.
In 2002, TV Guide ranked it at #49 on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time.
There is another version of the show on their sister station, MuchMoreMusic.
Roy Clarke, however, stated that he was fully aware this was the last series, and preferred the show to have a quiet ending.
A Dog Year is a 2009 American made-for-television comedy-drama film written and directed by first-time director George LaVoo and starring Jeff Bridges.
Face the Nation is an American Sunday morning political interview show broadcast on the CBS television network.
In 1987, five to six thousand requests were received weekly.
With 32 seasons as of September 5, 2016, The People's Court ranks as the second-longest running courtroom series in history.
was a big hit during Christmas of 1993 on Puerto Rico's radio.
The show followed the lives of workers at a glamorous five-star hotel.
The last episode aired on June 21, 1989.
In this incarnation, many of the characters are teenagers rather than adults.
Julie on Sesame Street was a variety special broadcast in the United States on ABC on November 23, 1973 at 9 PM ET / PT.
The series earned many awards, including the 2004 Edward R. Murrow award for best documentary for The Kennedy Assassination — Beyond Conspiracy.
A Show Called Fred was the successor series to The Idiot Weekly, Price 2d.
Lock, Stock... was Ginger Productions' first commission.
Bobbito Garcia and Boobie Smooth are the host of the show not Michael Bivins.
La dama de rosa is a successful Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and seen on Venezuela's Radio Caracas Televisión in 1986.
The show was filmed in Iceland and Mono Lake in California.
The title refers to the communistic spy unit, Rote Kapelle, which operated in Nazi Germany.
The main plot involved an undercover planetary defence agency operating from Cape Town under the guise of an interstellar shipping company.
It also received the highest rating in the history of Disney Channel Japan.
13 50-minute episodes were made, and the series was shown on channel 2 of the French ORTF network.
Spared the death penalty on a legal technicality, Cousins instead was given life imprisonment without eligibility for parole.
The show was aired on Weekdays and Saturdays and was also broadcast worldwide through The Filipino Channel.
After each inspection, a brief segment called "Inspector's Notebook" offers viewers helpful advice on specific topics mentioned in the preceding inspection.
The show's producers chose to use an instrumental version.
Danny Forster first hosted the series in season 4 and has been the host since season 6.
In its earlier years, Mania usually featured a show exclusive wrestling match.
Starring alongside Mayall is Michael Maloney as Brian Albumen, Cnut's faithful servant, and Emily Bruni as Dr. Hannah Awkward who becomes professor of pedantics.
The first season consists of six 50 minute episodes.
The sitcom section frequently featured animated sequences.
It was first screened on BBC Two from 29 December 1997 to 31 August 2000.
The Cleopatras was novelised by Mackie in 1983 as a tie in with the series.
Alegrijes y Rebujos is a Mexican children's telenovela produced by Rosy Ocampo for Televisa in 2003.
Arthur Godfrey and His Friends is an American television variety show hosted by Arthur Godfrey.
The series included four designers: Taniya Nayak, John Gidding, Kathy Kuo, Shane Booth, and two carpenters: Carrie Roy, Andy Hampton.
Media Television's primary contribution was its unique examination of worldwide advertising in an intelligent manner.
On November 10, 2014, Jovian died of renal failure in his home at the Duke Lemur Center at the age of 20.
After the interview segment, Despain did a segment just for him, titled "My Take", in which he gave his opinion on news from the racing world.
The show follows Johnny T, a song writer who moves into a house given to him by his great-uncle.
The show was the CBC's second unsuccessful attempt to create a politically themed sitcom, following 1987's Not My Department.
Jim Rome Is Burning is a sports conversation and opinion show hosted by Jim Rome.
Since much of "cottage country" exists near lakes, water sports such as water skiing, wakeboarding, sailing, cliff jumping and snorkeling are often featured.
The next day featured half-hour episodes of viewer reaction, entitled Box Office.
From 2012 until 2015, the show was only available on limited distribution platforms such as Discovery from 2012 to 2014 and History in 2015.
SilverHawks is an American animated television series developed by Rankin/Bass Productions and distributed by Lorimar-Telepictures in 1986, now Warner Bros. Television Distribution.
The show has also aired on ITV, Nickelodeon and Pop in the United Kingdom and on ABC in Australia.
The original challenge Popular Arts faced was how to repurpose recorded stand-up comedy material.
The ratings of the third season are very low, so the channel decided to move the series in the evening schedule.
It has subsequently been released on DVD.
TV Ilegal returned to television to Univision Puerto Rico on October 1, 2012 on Noche Ilegal.
The premise of Batman Beyond has been used in various comic book stories published by DC Comics, including an ongoing series beginning in 2011.
He later moved to Atlanta,Georgia when he was a teenager.
The show began in 1988, patterned to some extent after the Chicago-based syndicated show called Sportswriters on TV.
The series was executive produced by Peter Moore for Talkback Productions, and has since spawned several others along similar lines.
The first five seasons have been released on DVD.
Both series were created and produced by Carl Kleinschmitt.
Watt on Earth is a children's television programme that ran for two 12-episode series in 1991 and 1992, shown as part of Children's BBC.
Singapore Tourism Board also rewarded Indonesian Idol Season 1 by inviting the Top 11 contestants of to the American Idol World Tour there.
Coincidentally, both this series and Filmation's own animated project, Journey Back to Oz, are now owned by the same company, Universal Studios.
Previous film reviewers include Andy Lung 龍本.
The television series consists of 65 five-minute, dialogue-free episodes featuring two furred extraterrestrials travelling their universe and solving a specific problem each episode.
The narrator, an older Oliver reflecting on his experience, is voiced by David Cross.
Hilltop Hospital is a claymation children's television programme made in 1999.
Each episode of the show includes several songs and dance numbers involving both members and non-members of the band.
The show debuted on Tuesday, 1 August 2006, and was hosted by Jo Stanley from FOX FM Melbourne.
The first Budweiser Frogs commercial was created by David Swaine, Michael Smith and Mark Choate of DMB&B/St.
All except the last episode, which was broadcast at 7:00 am.
The contestant had to steer a robotic arm and pick up prizes from a rotating turntable.
In 1988, the show switched production companies to DiC Enterprises and was renamed just The Chipmunks.
Segments included Strange Sites, Incredibly Useful Sites, and Home Sweet Homepage.
It was also distributed in some other countries, and it continues to have a strong cult following.
The ultimate prize is US$100,000, whilst the American show gives away US$1,000,000.
The Rodman World Tour was a television talk show hosted by NBA "bad boy" and some-time actor Dennis Rodman.
Performance artist Pål Hollender, of Swedish Survivor fame, worked on the show as a producer and is seen on camera in several episodes.
The show is the second longest running prime-time program on American television, behind rival film anthology, the Hallmark Hall of Fame.
In 2010, Brownlow published a book on the making of the documentary titled The Search for Charlie Chaplin.
The series was backed by Brooks' Gracie Films company and Columbia Pictures Television.
The show was created by CSI writer Josh Berman, and executive produced by Mimi Leder, who is also directed the show, and Paul Redford.
A segment devoted to a specific topic, such as the use of animals in the military or the Huey
Dog the Bounty Hunter was an American reality television series on A&E which chronicled Duane "Dog" Chapman's experiences as a bounty hunter.
It ran concurrently with the similarly macabre themed The Addams Family and achieved higher figures in the Nielsen ratings.
In the case of writer's block, many find it helpful to take a break and revisit their topic.
It is the first mobisode FOX released.
It is also currently the highest-rated daytime drama on American television.
The series is set in the fictional small town of Avonlea, Prince Edward Island, in the early 20th century.
As of 2012, it has received 156 Emmy nominations, the most received by any TV show.
Patty Petersen had first appeared in the episode, "A Way of Her Own", on January 31, 1963.
Each week, viewers elected a winner who had to decide on the exclusion of one colleague.
The novel was Uris's second consecutive #1 New York Times Best Seller and third overall.
Ratings for the series never improved and the series was canceled by CBS in May 1989.
The fourth incarnation of the Tonight Show franchise debuted on May 25, 1992, three days after Johnny Carson's retirement as host of the program.
It was based on a radio series with the same name broadcast on 3DB in Melbourne from 1958 to 1960.
Original episodes of Clean Sweep aired on TLC in 2003 through 2005.
Moore was a former producer of The C'mon Show, a popular music series in the 1960s, and had included pop clips in that program.
It featured everyday people being tricked into going somewhere and unexpectedly meeting their idol.
Flikken is very popular in Belgium and the Netherlands.
The program was loosely inspired by the late Puerto Rican singing talent contest and variety show, Voces en Función, and the Spanish reality show, Operación Triunfo.
The BJ and Dirty Dragon Show is a Chicago children's television program that aired on WFLD and later WGN-TV from 1968 to 1974.
While the show garnered high ratings on MTV, it was not a success in syndication and was canceled in 1995.
The Closer was created by James Duff and the Shephard/Robin Company in association with Warner Bros. Television.
Fashion design is the art of application of design and aesthetics or natural beauty to clothing and accessories.
Over the course of 20 episodes, Math Patrol provided introductory math lessons on topics including addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, area, fractions, length, shapes, geometry and symmetry.
The programme used a magazine style starting in the 1980s, but changed to a single subject documentary in 2001.
It premiered on October 6, 1997, and ran for a total of 256 three-minute episodes, finishing on September 30, 1998.
Finger Tips is a British children's television series produced by RDF Media's children's production division, The Foundation.
Fear Factor is an American stunt/dare game show that originally aired on NBC between 2001 and 2006.
It was directed and adapted by John Harrison.
The first season's hoax was conducted as a typical reality competition show while the second hoax was a Bachelor-like dating series.
Canadian star Patti Lewis had a singing spot about the middle of the show, and Max Geldray a music spot later on.
My Gym Partner's a Monkey was a ratings success for Cartoon Network, gaining millions of viewers.
American Idol will return for a sixteenth season — its first on ABC — in 2018.
The order of the films to follow are: 1.
Before the latter was transmitted, David Attenborough presented State of the Planet and narrated The Blue Planet.
Outside of its brief run as a news show in 1957, Conan O'Brien is the shortest-serving host.
It was created and hosted by Jerry Bryant in 1984, who today remains a vital aspect in the production and post-production of the show's recent reformatting.
Life Made Simple is a TVB modern drama series broadcast in October 2005.
Since 2003 the screens have been produced using Scala InfoChannel3.
When the case against Sugiura was dropped for lack of evidence, Cosmos was put back on the air.
American Heiress is a telenovela which debuted on March 13, 2007 at 8 p.m. ET/7 p.m. CT on the American television network MyNetworkTV.
On March 22, 2006, Mohamed Mabrouk won 300,000 dinars.
The premise of the show involves concealed cameras filming pranks on celebrities, both local and international.
Actor-producer Sheldon Leonard, known for playing gangster roles in the 1940s and 1950s, was the executive producer.
On February 3, 2014, HLN canceled Showbiz Tonight, with the final episode airing February 6.
Artstar is an unscripted reality television series set in the New York City art world, considered to be the first in the visual arts.
This musical score included an acoustic, instrumental remix of the song "Rock This Town" by the Stray Cats.
Quintuplets is an American sitcom that aired twenty-two episodes on Fox from June 16, 2004 to January 12, 2005.
Episodes include the Battle of Hastings, the Battle of Bannockburn and the Battle of Bosworth Field.
Their mission: "to attack, harass and wreak havoc on Field Marshal Rommel's vaunted Afrika Korps".
The original format show, Select, originally played every day from 4:00pm to 7:00pm but later only aired on weekend days during this timeslot.
The title is a reference to the trio's acronym "DAAS" and Karl Marx's economic treatise Das Kapital.
It ran on the Seven Network from 1993 to 1996.
The Alvin Show is an American animated television series.
Zieman has Bell's palsy, a one-sided facial nerve paralysis, and talked about the condition on an episode in 2011.
In the series, Peter Jordan, the host, tries all sorts of jobs, from the mundane to the unusual, that belong to different Canadians.
Meanwhile, Chase and Cameron continue to appear in different roles at the hospital.
A British-Canadian co-production spin-off, titled Primeval: New World, was announced on 15 September 2011, to premiere on 29 October 2012 on Space.
It was produced by UPN from 1998 to 2001.
When Mr Mopple has finished the story, he leaves the house and goes back to work.
The show was hosted by Al Sharpton.
The series was produced by Griffard/Adler Productions, Dualstar Productions, and Miller-Boyett-Warren Productions, in association with Warner Bros. Television.
A companion book to the documentary written by anthropologist Jeffrey Meldrum was published in 2006.
The series was created by Craig Thomas and Carter Bays, who also served as the show's executive producers and were frequent writers.
Live webisodes were also created to accompany each episode in the season 2 storyline, and were seen exclusively through The N's website on the Click.
It features people who want their living space redesigned.
From May 1965 until September 1965, the series was aired on CBS on Wednesdays at 9:30pm.
In 2008, Nickelodeon produced two seasons of a revival of the program, My Family's Got GUTS.
It has since been replaced by Kapuso Movie Festival.
The series is set in "London Below", a magical realm coexisting with the more familiar London, referred to as "London Above".
The premise of the show was to shape the room in which the teenager lives into a space that represents them better.
The current season's judging panel consists of singer Jim Lim, lyricist Xiaohan and radio personality Dennis Chew.
Pirate TV is an American sketch comedy series that aired on MTV.
The series also spawned a series of music videos aired during interstitials that aired on Nick Jr.
A public and bitter struggle ensued, culminating with Finkbine terminating her pregnancy in Sweden.
The show aired in the United States on the Cookie Jar Toons block on This TV from November 2008 to August 2009.
It directly follows 2006's Pumpkinhead: Ashes to Ashes.
It was presented by Jamie Rickers and Anna Williamson before being out-vision from May to December 2010.
After The Comedy Mill ended its run, Morag retired from performing and Steve launched his most famous series, The Red Green Show.
A Brush with Fame is a light hearted ITV daytime television show, featuring a nationwide search to find Britain's best amateur portrait painter.
1978 Emmy Award for Outstanding Children's Informational Series.
The series was created by Michael Geddes and Christopher Geddes of Lone Eagle Entertainment in Toronto and is hosted by actor/comedian Sam Kalilieh.
In 2008, the series won a Logie Award for Most Popular Light Entertainment/Comedy Program.
It airs Mondays to Thursdays, from 11:00 PM to 11:45 PM.
Tous contre un was a daily quiz show, broadcast live on Télé-Québec from September 2001 to March 2003 and hosted by Marc-André Coallier.
Pixel Perfect is a 2004 Disney Channel Original Movie.
The show debuted on September 9, 1967 on CBS.
It is Toei's 22nd entry of the Super Sentai television series.
Featured writers and editors included Michael Cooke, Lenore Skenazy, Dean Chang, Tracy Connor, Tony Sclafani, Joanna Molloy, Kerry Burke, and Hudson "Hud" Morgan.
Robert Pincombe and Shelly Hoffman wrote the English version.
The show ran for one season with a total of 17 half-hour episodes, the last first-run episode airing on January 17, 1970.
The transmission time of this programme varied each night.
Ava, the widow of Hadden's other son, is concerned that any success Tyger might have will undermine her son Marcus' position in the company.
It commonly features regular people who have experienced whatever the topic may be, alongside experts on the subject, who give their professional opinion.
Each episode ends with a short animated sequence illustrating a key scientific principle demonstrated in the preceding live action story.
All of these cartoons promoted Hasbro toys.
Of the 105 original Gatchaman episodes, 85 were used in the Battle of the Planets adaptation, produced by Sandy Frank Entertainment.
The series included historical legendary poets such as, The Last Poets, Nikki Giovanni, Amiri Baraka and Sonya Sanchez.
Originally airing on the Kids' WB block of programming on WB Network from 2003 to 2006, the series ran for 3 seasons and 52 episodes.
In March 2010, MTV International commissioned Maverick TV in the UK to make a new, international version of the Super Sweet franchise.
Season three was filmed in Pretoria, South Africa, with some sequences shot in Mauritius.
The title of the show suggests a continuation of the long-running series Come Dancing, with an allusion to the film Strictly Ballroom.
Both Marchmonts are obsessed with their dog, Sam, going so far as to throw a birthday party for him.
The show never found an audience after its premiere on January 6, 1975.
Hoy con Cesar Hildebrandt was a political television show, hosted by the polemical Peruvian journalist César Hildebrandt.
Witness to a Prosecution is a Hong Kong television series produced by TVB.
The show, described by the channel as "Sex and the City meets Candid Camera", presents a group of women playing pranks on unsuspecting victims.
The second season of Sea Patrol, titled Sea Patrol II: The Coup, aired in 2008, while the third season, Sea Patrol: Red Gold, aired in 2009.
Some of the men were recorded in contemporary interviews, which viewers see as preludes to each episode, with the men's real identities revealed in the finale.
King of the Hill won two Emmy Awards and was nominated for seven.
In the animated series produced by Filmation and the radio show, she had a southern accent.
A spin-off series, The Green Green Grass, ran for four series in the UK from 2005 to 2009.
It is a subsidiary of Heineken International.
War Stories was a military history program on Fox News.
Each couple performs predetermined dances and competes against the others for judges' points and audience votes.
The show is set in a bar named Cheers in Boston, Massachusetts, where a group of locals meet to drink, relax, and socialize.
The series does not tackle history chronologically, instead each episode explored a topic.
Cypress Lawn Memorial Park — Colma, California
The weekly television series formerly aired on MTV, MTV2, MTV Tr3s, and over a dozen other MTV outlets throughout the world.
Australian Story is a national weekly reality documentary television series produced by and broadcast on ABC Television.
The series premiered on September 21, 1995 in the "Must See TV" Thursday night block after Seinfeld.
For other versions of the show, see The Rich List.
The cast and the crew of the telenovela received many accolades, including TVyNovelas Award for Best Telenovela, in 2004.
Quints is a 2000 Disney Channel Original Movie starring Kimberly J.
A total of 52 episodes were made in black and white, although only the first, Twizzle and Footso, is believed to still exist.
Spenser: For Hire is a mystery television series based on Robert B. Parker's Spenser novels.
Suddenly Mole smells his home and wishes he could be there.
While airing, it regularly ranked as Bravo's highest rated show.
In Vietnam, it is aired on VTC9 - Let's Viet, and also screened in Spain and Portugal by the Disney Channel.
A. Milne, was read by Alan Bennett and broadcast on 24 March 1996.
Paula Yates, later to present The Tube on Channel 4, co-hosted an early edition in 1981.
Kahiin to Hoga is an Indian soap opera which aired on STAR Plus between September 2003 and February 2007.
A running joke in the series is Simon's crush on his tennis instructor José Luis.
Red Green had appeared as a recurring character on all of the duo's earlier shows, including The Comedy Mill.
The series title is a reference to the call-sign designation for the Los Angeles Sheriff's Department's search and rescue/paramedic teams.
Vern Yip, Genevieve Gorder, and Sabrina Soto currently serve as the show's three judges.
Curb Your Enthusiasm has received high critical acclaim and has grown in popularity since its debut.
It was first shown on Channel 4 on 15 September 2006.
The original and best-known version was hosted by Groucho Marx of the Marx Brothers, with announcer and assistant George Fenneman.
The series was compared to the Fox TV series The X-Files since it took a darker tone than any other Disney Channel show at the time.
It premiered on CBS on October 27, 1996 with a two-hour pilot telefilm.
Size Small was a Canadian children's music album series, turned television series, first produced in 1980.
It aired again on the night of August 12, 2016.
It is hosted by actress Mo'Nique and has aired since 2005 on the Oxygen network.
In 2013, TV Guide ranked Family Guy the ninth Greatest TV Cartoon of All Time.
The Dunphy Show aired every Friday night in direct competition with The Late Late Show on Raidió Teilifís Éireann.
On January 20, 2016, it was announced that the show had been renewed for three additional seasons through 2020.
Soon the show began focusing on the monster trucks and would use the entire hour to do so.
The show revolves around Lazlo, a spider monkey who attends a Boy Scout-like summer camp with a cast of anthropomorphic animal characters.
World Cuppa also showcased a comedy segment entitled "Warren Barton Travel Agent", which earned the show a cult following.
The online show began in 2007, but was replaced by The Daily and ExtraTime Radio for the 2010 season.
The format of the show is taken from "La Academia", which originated from Mexico.
The series, which blends traditional animation techniques with the latest generation of CGI, consists of nine 11-minute episodes.
The show's main title song was performed by Sha-Na-Na's Jon Bauman.
Although the dinosaurs are toy-sized in the real world, within DinoWorld they become dinosaur-sized, while Harry retains his actual size.
In general, the series examines all aspects of railroading, both in the United States and in the rest of the world.
The first episode attracted an average of 3.4 million viewers, dropping to 2.9 million for the second and third episodes.
Wagner stars as professional tennis player Jaime Sommers, who becomes critically injured during a skydiving accident.
Daybreak Northern Ireland was the regional news strand for Northern Ireland provided for the ITV breakfast station ITV Breakfast.
Deen's primary culinary focus was Southern cuisine and familiar comfort food that is popular with Americans.
The program broadcasts to millions of viewers in more than 140 countries.
The Mystery of Al Capone's Vaults is an infamous two-hour live American television special that was broadcast one-time only in syndication on April 21, 1986.
Ray Combs hosted the CBS series and the first six seasons of the accompanying syndicated version, then was replaced by Dawson for the final season.
Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous was an American television series that aired in syndication from 1984 to 1995.
a pizza delivery man enters a house to eat pizza with a lady and finds out she is going to kill him.
The second season premiered in November 2002, and ran for 13 episodes into early 2003.
A Oscuras Pero Encendidos was the first late night variety show produced for the Hispanic market in the United States.
It was made by Thames Television for ITV.
Each episode had a specific theme normally relating to pop culture of the time.
Created in 1989 by Russell Morash, the program was hosted by Norm Abram, a regular fixture on Morash's television series This Old House.
Its tagline was "History as we know it is a lie."
It replaced Brooklyn South after its cancellation in May 1998.
It was first broadcast on ITV in 1992.
The series was the recipient of a 2007 Logie Award.
Additional filming was done at Glasgow's St. Andrew's Suspension Bridge and the Moss Heights flats in Cardonald, which represented Burgess' Moscow apartment.
the award-winning adaptation of Persuasion starring Sally Hawkins and Rupert Penry-Jones
The script, written by Richard Levinson and William Link, won a 1983 Edgar Award from the Mystery Writers of America.
The series concluded with a TV movie, Ed, Edd n Eddy's Big Picture Show, on November 8, 2009.
Mildred is seen in the first episode accompanying her cousin to Cackles, before magically returning home.
Dishes that are flavorful and familiar were spotlighted, although the fat content and calorie count of the meals were often very high.
Komodo vs. Cobra, also referred to as KVC, is a 2005 television film directed by Jim Wynorski.
   Steve Malzberg, Syndicated Radio Host
Bangkok Hilton is a three-part Australian mini-series, made in 1989 by Kennedy Miller Productions and directed by Ken Cameron.
The show usually features interviews to artists and other personalities, music performances, celebrity news, curious facts, and comedy sketches, among other things.
Radio talk show host Howard Stern was one of the executive producers.
At the end of 2005, Goin Bulilit immediately received an award from the PMPC Star Awards for TV for "Best Gag Show", tied with Bubble Gang.
The only link between the two series is presenter Ian Cashmore who anchored the European series.
The series exhibits various outtakes of Chaplin laughing or getting angry when scenes go awry.
There were eight nine-minute episodes, in which the chefs carry out their mission to bring extraordinary food to ordinary people.
The original broadcast was on the TVB Jade network with 45-minute episodes airing five days a week from 20 December 1999 to 16 January 2000.
In murder cases, psychic detectives may purport to be in communication with the spirits of the murder victims.
The program is a cross between Ripley’s Believe It or Not and Discovery Channel.
The program centered on a coalition known as the Dragonators, a set of humans who ride on Dragon-back in search-and-rescue operations.
It was canceled after one season on April 21, 1994, with two episodes left unaired.
On August 20, it began its normal run of twenty-to-thirty-minute episodes on Fridays, at 7 pm.
During each episode, Félix would teach Ciboulette about various things, ranging from history to science to agriculture.
It documented a three-month journey across Canada in search for the paranormal.
The series concluded its original run on Fox after 15 seasons.
The programme used a slightly different graphics package to other CNBC programmes; in particular, a different format for the ticker.
is a Canadian comedy television series which debuted in 1997 featuring the newest in Canadian comedic talent.
It was produced by Janet Street-Porter, and followed on from her influential youth TV show Network 7, on Channel 4.
Angelina Ballerina is a cartoon mouse, created by author Katharine Holabird and illustrator Helen Craig, who is featured in a series of children's books.
In 2005, Channel 4's Film Four asked Holness and Ayoade to write a script for a movie version of their programme.
Featured in the two-hour program were interactive games where the viewers could win cash prizes.
The film received largely positive reviews, with particular praise going to Perry's portrayal.
In 1994, Steve teamed with executive producer John Delmage.
The first 32 of season one's 60 episodes were remade with the revision graphics.
The show changed timeslots in June, moving to Wednesdays at 9:30.
The ensemble cast consists of Gary Sandy, Howard Hesseman, Gordon Jump, Loni Anderson, Tim Reid, Jan Smithers, Richard Sanders and Frank Bonner.
The Underdog Show was a six-week television series presented by Julian Clary and his dog, Valerie.
The creators Andrew Norriss and Richard Fegen often combined farce with either surreal or dramatic elements in episodes.
Originally holding the working title Girlfriends and described as a "Latino Living Single".
Nigel Hawthorne played the Roman procurator Catus Decianus.
Living Dolls was an American sitcom featured on the fall 1989 schedule of ABC.
In these series, Stephen Thorne played Uncle Mort, with Peter Skellern as Carter Brandon.
Presently, Paquito Cordero is producing a remake of Noche de Gala, broadcast by WIPR-TV, channel 6, hosted by Deborah Carthy Deu.
The update is anchored by a rotating set of CNBC hosts.
It was set in the central outback city of Alice Springs.
Space Ghost Coast to Coast is considered to be the first fully produced Cartoon Network original series.
A 3 DVD set containing the complete series was released by Network in 2005.
Sometimes They Come Back... Again is the 1996 straight-to-video sequel to the 1991 horror film Sometimes They Come Back.
Atlantis High both parodies soap operas and pays homage to spoof television.
The show was produced as a daily show, and aired weekday afternoons at 3:30 pm from September 14, 1970.
It was created and storylined by Roger Moulton, who also wrote 5 episodes in the first series and 2 episodes in the second series.
Eye drops are saline-containing drops used as an ocular route to administer.
Yet, that is just the beginning of the animal's journey to adoption as many receive one-on-one care from AHS' behavior team and foster heroes.
"Profile of a Composer" – a profile of American composer and choralist Norman Dello Joio
It aired from May 16, 2005 to November 4, 2005.
Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn was a comedic talk show which aired on Comedy Central from 2002 to 2004.
The show continues to run in international markets, with it being televised in Canada and Mexico, as well as in Asian and in some African countries.
Artistic renditions of the Oz characters created for this series were later featured in the hour-long television special Return to Oz.
Heroes has earned a number of awards and nominations, including Primetime Emmy Awards, Golden Globes, People's Choice Awards, and British Academy Television Awards.
Stand Up Australia was an Australian comedy TV program locally produced by The Comedy Channel from 2006 to 2008.
World News Today is a current affairs news programme, produced by BBC News, presented by Philippa Thomas, Kasia Madera, Alice Baxter, Alpa Patel and Karin Giannone.
Many famous singers such as Ayumi Hamasaki, Britney Spears, Utada Hikaru, and Namie Amuro have performed almost all of their singles on this show.
The series was produced by Millimages S.A., Zoo Lane Productions, and La Cinquième.
A chef's standard uniform includes a hat called a toque, necktie, double-breasted jacket, apron and shoes with steel or plastic toe-caps.
The series that ran from 1985 to 1992 on Children's ITV.
Live with Kelly and Ryan is an American syndicated morning talk show, hosted by Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest.
While some of the stories used in the TV series were adapted from the books, many were original and greatly expanded upon the world established there.
Spectacular Spas is a Canadian television travel series about spa treatments from around the world.
Ford Star Jubilee was sponsored by the Ford Motor Company.
In France, it was syndicated as La loi du Show-Biz.
The entire 5-hour series Miracle Planet aired on Discovery Channel in Canada on April 22, 2005 as an Earth Day special.
A Spanish-language version airs on ESPN Deportes in the U.S. and on ESPN International in Latin America, while a Portuguese version airs on ESPN Brasil.
It premiered on September 22, 2005, on the broadcast network CBS and October 5, 2005, on CTV.
Terry Jones and Michael Palin, both later to become members of Monty Python's Flying Circus, wrote jokes for the show.
The search for new technology and progressive ideas, what the writers of the show called "The Coming Thing", is a central theme throughout the series.
This phenomenon is known as a seachange.
Majika is a Filipino fantasy-themed television series about wizards, known as Salamangka, that inhabit the world of Saladin, where magic is the way of life.
The series uses archival footage, stills and interviews of participants and opponents of the movement.
Langt fra Las Vegas is a Danish sit-com, which was first aired on the Danish TV channel TV2 Zulu.
The dialogues had to be written in a way that they would be approved by the communist authorities censorship office.
It was broadcast on ITV from 15 February 1982 and was the first sitcom made by the newly formed Central Television.
This has since been debunked, instead it has returned as a comic book published by Joe Books, which premiered on April 27, 2016.
This show features songs by Dan Sawyer, Fred Newman and Rich Mendoza.
The second series was moved to 9 p.m. Low ratings saw the last two episodes moved to a 10.40 p.m. timeslot.
The show's merchandise was produced and distributed by Bandai Entertainment.
For several years after 1962, Tom Terrific would be broadcast every other week, alternating with Lariat Sam, another Terrytoons creation.
Thrill of a Lifetime gave viewers the chance to live their dreams, with thrills ranging from daredevil adventures to the romantic.
Additionally, there was a special edition of the programme on Christmas Day, featuring some of the best-selling singles of the year.
My Life in Film is a British television comedy series written by Mark Chappell and originally aired on BBC Three, and then on BBC Two.
Run, Joe, Run was a Saturday-morning television program that aired on NBC from 1974 to 1976.
In 2010, Noel's House Party was voted the best Saturday night TV show of all time.
In the third series, shown in 1987 and set in the early 1930s, Megan had moved on to the seaside town of Glanmor and James Isaacs.
It focuses on the work of psychoanalysts Sigmund Freud and Anna Freud, and PR consultant Edward Bernays.
In August 2004, Goldhill Home Media released the first season on DVD.
A spin-off called Blue's Room premiered in 2004.
Tourgasm is an American documentary television series that aired on HBO in 2006.
The show was about two bickering, dimwitted insects, Erky and Perky, who live at a hot dog stand, but are accidentally taken to a house.
Notable programmes produced by the company include:
The host for the ABC version was Bill Malone.
is a Flash cartoon series produced by a three-person team and hosted on the Korean website SamBakZa.
CBS will air the first 5 games and NBC will air the other 5 games.
The show was loosely based on a comic book by James D. Hudnall and Andrew Paquette.
In the special, narrated by Romeo Muller, she and her friends celebrate her sixth birthday.
Razzledazzle is a BBC television programme for children that airs on CBeebies.
The show has aired 7 seasons and 4 specials in 2005, 2007, 2008, 2012, 2014, and 2015.
It starred Ryo Hayami in the title role.
The Great War is a 26-episode documentary series from 1964 on the First World War.
Gardner is known for his previous collaboration with Stern on the television series, Gerhard Reinke's Wanderlust.
In 2007, the show was not included on CTV's fall schedule, although it was later added to the schedule of CTV's sister network A.
An audio CD called "I Love Camp Cariboo" has been produced by the Cariboo team and is available on iTunes.
The show typically explores three to four topics each episode.
The show was created by BBC producer George Inns working with George Mitchell.
In June 2002, the show was modified, dropping Rukeyser and changing the name to Wall Street Week with Fortune.
The show is produced by Shadow Projects and Playhouse Disney.
In a Yiddish accent, Brooks would improvise answers to topics such as the earliest known language; manufacturing the Star of David, and Joan of Arc.
Internationally, the film is known as Agon: Atomic Dragon.
Since the move to the west, Nuacht RTÉ broadcasts only one bulletin daily, at 17:45 on RTÉ One, lasting about 8 minutes.
Slaboye Zveno was the Russian version of the game show The Weakest Link.
The show was produced by Mark Goodson Productions, and premiered on July 9, 1994.
It is also the first set of Popeye cartoons that were produced since Mercer's death in 1984.
The show has had very high ratings of up to 1.8 million viewers during the last season.
The series opening theme, composed by Roger Webb, was also available as sheet music.
The broadcast features various segments during the intermissions and between games, as well as pre and post-game coverage of the night's games.
Several episodes are available for download on Apple's iTunes Service.
Each episode is an hour long including commercial breaks.
La Mentira is a Mexican telenovela produced by Carlos Sotomayor for Televisa in 1998.
Hotlines was originally shown on Spike TV from 2003 to 2004.
The series lasted for three series and 39 episodes in total.
It stars brothers Joey Lawrence, Matthew Lawrence, and Andy Lawrence.
It aired on MBC from June 13 to August 16, 2001, on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 20 episodes.
Round the Bend was a satirical British children's television series, which ran on Children's ITV for three series from 1989 to 1991.
The winner of Pet Star's second season was a troupe of 9 dogs owned by circus performer Johnny Peers of Sarasota, Florida.
The show began on November 15, 2005 on Tuesdays at 11:30pm ET/PT, but was then limited to early morning, weekday timeslots.
The series focused on presenting the viewer with sunrises in various geographical locations throughout the world.
The cable channel Trio reran the show under its "Brilliant But Cancelled" umbrella.
It originally aired on the CBS network on November 27, 1992.
Some stories were contained in a single half-hour episode, but others ran to two and even four episodes.
The series premise was somewhat recycled from a previous Cannell series, Tenspeed and Brown Shoe.
Set in the fictional town of Oakdale, Illinois, the show debuted on April 2, 1956, at 1:30 pm EST.
It debuted on the American Nicktoons Network on January 20, 2007, and was later removed on November 29, 2010.
The bangla word Bohubrihi means the multiple dimension of anything and here it means the mysterious of life.
In one episode of Fat Albert, Weird Harold is seen playing a Brown Hornet arcade cabinet at a video arcade.
It originally aired on TNT on January 22, 2001.
A Pup Named Scooby-Doo is an American animated mystery comedy series produced by Hanna-Barbera.
The episodes were also able to be viewed online from the BBC's web site.
Later, with racier storylines, the ratings climbed, eventually eclipsing the figures that Richmond Hill had attracted.
The film received an American theatrical release in 1974 by New Line Cinema, and in select theatres worldwide in 2012 by Apple Films.
Special Rescue Police Winspector is a Japanese tokusatsu TV series, part of the Metal Hero Series and the first piece of the Rescue Hero trilogy.
They were also helped by friends Jim Milner and Anda Phillips as well as at points a small army of friends and relatives.
However, it has now closed, being replaced by another restaurant called The Kitchen Cat, also run by Tobie Puttock.
Name That Tune ran from 1953–59 on NBC and CBS in prime time.
Forbes on Fox, hosted by David Asman;
The set for the original Win, Lose or Draw was modeled after Burt Reynolds's living room.
The series was written by Oscar-winning film director Denys Arcand, and based in large part on Conrad Black's popular biography.
21 on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time and no.
She sold the store to the employees prior to its closure.
The Dukes of Hazzard: The Beginning is a 2007 American made-for-television action-adventure comedy film and a prequel to the 2005 film The Dukes of Hazzard.
On October 15, 2016, the series began airing its current tenth season, beginning with the episode "Whirly Brains".
Sinatra made the cover of TV Guide who featured this special in their Nov. '68 edition
The series was preceded by two television movies, The Night Stalker and The Night Strangler.
Although Richard explains it is only a special effect, Lescoulie remains concerned.
Its first season was aired on bTV from February 26 until June 7, 2007.
The show became a stage for social reform in Mexico.
Seasons 8-11 were each given a different alternative title, accompanied by a different theme music, as a running joke.
Love Connection was produced by Eric Lieber Productions in association with and distributed by Telepictures, Lorimar-Telepictures, Lorimar Television, and Warner Bros. Television.
Divorce Court holds the record for longest running court show of all time, leading the second place show The People's Court by five years.
Téléfrançais was a French language Canadian children's television show, produced by TVOntario from 1984 until 1986.
The program was ostensibly a vehicle for Hesseman, best known for his role as radio DJ Dr. Johnny Fever on the sitcom WKRP in Cincinnati.
In 2002, Shane Douglas returned to XPW, and the "All-New XPW" was relocated in Pennsylvania.
The fresh and talented TV Host, Jeremy Szafron was also a host on the show.
He pops up in his landcruiser for a few seconds, setting up new segments of the show in his own eccentric way.
A particular battle, such as the Battle of Hamburger Hill
Choudenshi Bioman is Toei Company's eighth installment in the Super Sentai series.
Each episode would end with a celebrity guest who was invited on to the boat to talk and fish with the pair.
The format was sold for recreation in a number of countries.
All 35 episodes are available for on-demand viewing on the WWE Network.
It's not all that happened, and it's not always pleasant.
The show featured mid-to-low card WWE Superstars in a format similar to the former shows Heat and Velocity.
The show's music director and leader of the house band, the CBS Orchestra, was Paul Shaffer.
The name of the show literally translates in English as "the news slither".
Most changes are cosmetic, but some require drastic demolition and reconstruction.
In 2013, TV Guide ranked The Shield #50 on its list of the 60 Best Series of All Time.
The newly enlightened Zeta refuses to continue on as an infiltration unit and abandons his mission, going rogue.
Casino Cinema is a Spike programming block hosted by Steve Schirripa and Beth Ostrosky.
Australian Idol was an Australian singing competition, which began its first season in July 2003 and ended its run in November 2009.
The colonel lived with his wife Maggie Belle and her sister Sue, who did not trust the colonel at all.
It was rebroadcast on Disney Channel Europe on November 18, 2008 to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the special, as well as Mickey's 80th birthday.
Pob's Programme is a children's television programme which was broadcast in the United Kingdom on Channel 4 between October 1985 and November 1987.
Space: Above and Beyond is an American science fiction television show on the FOX Network, created and written by Glen Morgan and James Wong.
They began sitting in a screening room and talking to various actors and actresses of the movie.
The show in its new format continued to air until the end of 2006.
Since 2009 until its ending, the programme was broadcast in high definition on BBC HD.
Along with Cuthbert and Baruchel, the cast included Charles Powell, nicknamed "Charlie" for the series, Tyler Kyte, and eventually Vanessa Lengies.
In addition, two Next Generation characters, Miles O'Brien and Worf, became regular members of DS9.
In 1915 Frank was kidnapped from prison and lynched by a small group of prominent men of Marietta, Georgia.
The original TV series was based on the award winning collections of cautionary tales by Jamie Rix.
"Mebius" is the Japanese approximation of Möbius; the Möbius strip is a recurring motif in the series.
The program resumed a regular schedule in 1997 on the ABC fall schedule, coinciding with Disney's recent purchase of the network.
In addition, it's one of two seasons absent of a subtitle, a trend that wouldn't truly emerge until the show's 4th season.
Leanne Best was introduced as Tina Reynolds, Adam's partner following his separation from Angela.
has largely been guided by Barker and Weitzman as opposed to MacFarlane, resulting in a series that is different from its counterparts.
The show has its own TV studio in the National Palace of Culture and a live audience of about 100-150.
Its four hosts, Curio, Nitro, Picasso and Eco answered viewer questions, queries, dares and challenges in an entertaining and educational manner.
After escaping during a lightning storm, the inmate makes his way towards a bio-tech building and accidentally consumes all of the refrigerator's contents.
It won an International Emmy for Best Non-Scripted Entertainment in 2010.
The main action takes place on an asteroid dedicated to farming.
Conkie sat at a desk in front of a big map of Canada, and provided historical, geographical, and social information about the country.
Filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, the show was created by Bryan Fuller for the Showtime cable network, where it ran for two seasons.
This program is also shown in the U.S. on WEtv, as well as in India, Hong Kong and the UK.
In the episode, Holmes stated, "Our top prize is so big...well, we don't have a top prize!"
It mostly talks about health problems and its solutions, different lifestyles, businesses, beauty advices, and any magazine topics.
The Christmas Special was first transmitted on 20 December 2004.
Clooney hosted Money Maze concurrently with his local daily talk show, The Nick Clooney Show, on then-ABC affiliate WKRC-TV in Cincinnati.
It stars three trouble-making girls, Keisha, Latrina, and Natella as they wreak havoc on their impoverished school and its teachers.
Assisted by Bernie's mechanical expertise, the improvements are sometimes questionable.
The last episode was broadcast on November 27, 1998 with Ángela replacing it the following day.
The show won six Daytime Emmy awards, with Stein and Jimmy Kimmel, the show's original co-host, sharing the Outstanding Game Show Host award in 1999.
Its title was one of Forsyth's catchphrases when hosting The Generation Game in the 1970s and again in the 1990s.
The FIZZ was a half-hour weekly television program hosted by Cory "Mr. Safety" Williams and Jessica "JP" Payne.
O'Hare was recalling a recent family holiday spent on a horse drawn caravan in County Cork.
It was hosted by actor Mirosław Siedler.
All six series have since been released on DVD, distributed by Acorn Media UK.
Whoopi is an American sitcom starring Whoopi Goldberg that premiered on September 9, 2003, on NBC.
It aired from January 4, 1997 through August 21, 1999 as a syndicated broadcast.
The original voice of Postman Pat, Ken Barrie, died on 29 July 2016.
The show premiered January 5, 1985, and ran through 1989.
The driver who performed the worst was awarded Britain's Worst Driver.
The plots for each episode feature educational elements to meet the FCC's federal E/I requirements.
It was created and written by Brian Cooke and Johnnie Mortimer.
The music played during the opening and closing credits is an excerpt from TISM's song "Thunderbirds are Coming Out".
As with all television programmes of the time, the shows were performed live, and no visual record other than still photographs now exist.
Bergeron announced in 2014 that he would be departing as host of the show, and Alfonso Ribeiro took over as host in 2015.
In 1995, he donated all his original puppets to Chicago's Museum of Broadcast Communications.
Through a telephone poll, viewers can also contribute to the success of the dancers.
The character Alf Garnett became a well-known character in British culture, and Mitchell played him on stage and television up until Speight's death in 1998.
The Henderson Kids was an Australian television series made by Crawford Productions for Network Ten between 1985 and 1987.
Love at 0 °C is a Singaporean drama series which aired on Mediacorp Channel 8.
There were four one-hour episodes, plus the pilot, which are usually shown as eight half-hour episodes.
It was produced by John Wells Productions, in association with Warner Bros. Television.
After Macedonia gained its independence peacefully from Yugoslavia, SkopjeFest was revived in 1994, and has since taken over from MakFest as Macedonia's premier music festival.
In December 2009, the locale for taping the series moved from Manhattan to less costly Los Angeles, California.
Like many Mexican telenovelas the cast comprises young, attractive actors, and many of the plotlines revolve around suspense, heavy struggles, love and romance.
In the video for the Non Phixion and Arsonists song "14 Years Of Rap", a set very similar to the one on Graffiti Rock was used.
Tapings for the first season took place in New York City from April 29–30, 2006 at the Ziegfeld Theatre.
The BBC Television Shakespeare is a series of British television adaptations of the plays of William Shakespeare, created by Cedric Messina and broadcast by BBC Television.
Since then, its host was Eddie Miró, as the main MC, opposite several co-hosts such as Marisol Malaret, Deborah Carthy Deu, Marylín Pupo and Gilda Haddock.
After the cancellation of Hogan Knows Best in 2007, a spin-off entitled Brooke Knows Best debuted in 2008, and ran for two seasons.
2016 marks the 50th anniversary of Skippy, and 2017 marks the 50th anniversary of Skippy being filmed on location at Waratah Park.
It premiered September 1, 2003 and unofficially ended on July 2, 2010.
Ultimate Book of Spells, or UBOS, is a Canadian children's animated television series which began production in 2001.
The Asian cable TV network AXN Asia was among the first to acquire the rights to produce a version for its territories.
The Rebel Billionaire: Branson's Quest for the Best is a reality show for Fox Broadcasting Company's fall 2004 season.
It is the longest continually running television game show in the country.
TV Offal has never been fully repeated, although a "best of" series entitled TV Offal Prime Cuts was aired in November 1999.
Episode 2 - Karen, who looks at Christian Gospel singing, Sikh langars, Hindu yoga, and Christian Meditation.
Currently, the special is aired every November in prime time on the ABC network.
   John "Bradshaw" Layfield, WWE personality and noted successful stock-market investor
It would return in 1985 as two separate home video releases on VHS and Betamax, Television Parts Home Companion and Dr.
Jacqueline Gold - Managing Director of Ann Summers and daughter of David Gold, the co-chairman of West Ham United F.C.
A new series of episodes of the show were created in 2006 first-run for Spike TV, after a six-year hiatus from the NBC stint.
Both Holmes and Camfield had worked extensively on Doctor Who.
The leading actress Carmen Montejo starred as stellar performance.
The Ellen Show is a television sitcom created by and starring Ellen DeGeneres that was broadcast during the 2001–02 season on CBS.
Following the departure of weathergirl Sian Welby, former GMTV weather presenter Clare Nasir took over the role on Monday 31 October 2016.
The show is an example of the genre known as "Experiential TV", developed by series creator David Conover.
Android Kikaider, also known as Kikaida, is a tokusatsu superhero TV series and the first to feature the superhero Kikaider.
", which he used when adding seasoning to the food that he was preparing.
The show's title refers to the game's slot-machine mechanism also having jokers.
The show was created and produced by Televisa, then known as Telesistema Mexicano.
Reach for the Top is a Canadian academic quiz competition for high school students.
In the 1978–79 season, two changes were made.
Zoboomafoo is an American/Canadian zoological children's television series that originally aired from January 25, 1999 to November 21, 2001.
Most episodes were written by Mileson Horton.
Erica Ash is no longer with the cast.
Mouse, "Hired", premiered on June 19, 2005.
Las Gonzalez is a Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and seen on Venevisión in 2002.
Reddin became the show's lead presenter and sang the theme song, after McTell returned to his recording career.
As the nation's first hour-long nightly news broadcast, the program is known for its in-depth coverage of issues and current events.
It is Aaron Sorkin's only TV show not to air for more than one season.
It was also shown in the UK on BBC2 and BBC HD from November 4, 2006, and in Canada on CBC Television.
It was produced and hosted by comedy team The Chaser.
Nightline is a late-night news program broadcast by ABC in the United States with a franchised formula to other networks and stations elsewhere in the world.
The show's title derives from the inherent high risk of injury or death associated with the work.
A 2011 remake, starring Lauren Young, JM De Guzman and Enrique Gil, aired on ABS-CBN from March 28, 2011 to August 12, 2011.
However, Marc Smith, the founder of the Poetry Slam movement, is more critical of the program.
República Deportiva is a weekly one-hour sports show on the Spanish language American television network Univision.
The show returned to The '90s Are All That for one night, and aired on March 21, 2013.
The show is mostly about the humorous situations Darcy gets into while adjusting to her new surroundings.
Recorded close to transmission, it made use of contemporary news events to give the programme a greater sense of realism.
Space Goofs is a French animated series produced by Gaumont Multimedia, and Xilam for France 3 that first aired in 1997.
The Des O'Connor Show is a British variety and chat show hosted by Des O'Connor.
G-Saviour is a Canadian live-action television film created as part of the Gundam franchise.
The show has spawned three short-lived spin-off series, the ABC's Good News Weekend, Ten's GNW Night Lite and Ten's skit-based Good News World.
It is hosted by Tony Kornheiser and Michael Wilbon, who discuss, and frequently argue over, the top stories of the day in "sports... and other stuff".
The series premiered June 14, 2009, airing on Sundays at 10 PM EST.
The series ended on September 24, 1999, although occasional specials were produced until 2002.
Both shows feature Tavis Smiley as host.
As of April 14, 2007, the show has produced 256 regular editions, along with a number of special episodes and temporary shows.
Prior to its final format, Sportsworld had usually been shown on Sunday mornings since its debut in the 1990s.
In April 1981, Si Unyil appeared for the first time on the television screen.
The cast also included Gary Farmer, Russell Peters and Louis Negin.
It would have aired on ABC Family.
There were several rule changes from the previous Ultimate Fighter seasons.
For the first three seasons, Vivian Vance was the co-star.
ITC Entertainment produced a single series of 26 episodes during 1968 and 1969, which was aired between September 1969 and March 1970.
In April 2017 Gatiss confirmed that the show would return for an anniversary special which was expected to air between 2019 and 2020.
The series also managed to produce a number of complaints due to the instances of nudity in the series.
Drop the Beat was a Canadian television series produced by Back Alley Films, which aired on CBC Television in 2000.
The show was created by Howard Gewirtz.
When aired on Saturdays and Sundays, the show ran for thirty minutes; on weekdays, it ran for one hour.
Freelance journalist Bev Pinnock was trying to live an independent life, which was being interrupted by her teenage daughter Aisha and her mother—Grandma.
In addition to its primary Internet broadcast on TomGreen.com, the show has been syndicated on television stations throughout North America.
It is based on characters created by Jane Thayer about Petey, a young dog who attached himself to a lonely orphan boy named Tommy.
The show is hosted by Awal Ashaari and Marion Caunter.
In Canada, the series has not aired for several years.
the supernatural thriller Afterlife starring Lesley Sharp and Andrew Lincoln
On May 15, 2007, ABC officially cancelled the show after the network announced their 2007-2008 fall schedule.
KidZone initially began as a series of informative skits and interviews.
Hotel Erotica is a Softcore porn anthology television show that is broadcast on the Cinemax cable television channel during its Skinemax late-night block.
The fourth season began on October 6, 2009.
After production and crew changes occurred in the second season, the program suffered from low ratings and was canceled in February 2003.
Directors of the series including several renowned Hong Kong directors such as Ann Hui, Allen Fong and Derek Yee.
They face major traffic arterials and tend to be self-contained with few pedestrian connections to surrounding neighborhoods.
The series has enjoyed mostly positive reviews throughout its run and popularity, including four consecutive Primetime Emmy nominations for Best Drama Series starting in season two.
However, aside from Spider-Man himself, no characters from the comic series ever appeared on "Spidey Super Stories".
It aired during "Nick on CBS" beginning on September 14, 2002, and ended in November of that year.
Live From Lincoln Center is a seventeen-time Emmy Award-winning series that has broadcast notable Lincoln Center performances on PBS since 1976.
Kamen Rider Black, translated as Masked Rider Black, is a tokusatsu superhero-drama television series.
The show repeated at 10 am for the West Coast and often updated the show for the west coast feed.
Produced by Siu Hin-fai, the drama is a TVB production.
It was the first original production on the genre for the network.
Strange World is an American television program about military investigations into criminal abuses of science and technology.
It aired on the CBS Network before a subsequent release to home video and syndication.
The public vote and the average score given by the panel of judges equally go towards deciding who should leave.
The title screen opening was illustrated by Danny Antonucci.
It was produced by Lion Television for Channel 4 in the United Kingdom between 25 April 2005 and 19 April 2006.
The name “Watatatow” was invented by the show's producers; its meaning is simply an expression of joy.
The modern incarnation of the show began in 2006 and ended in March 2012.
The Jim Henson Hour is a television series that aired on NBC in 1989.
On November 4, 2016, the series was renewed for a twenty-ninth and thirtieth season of 22 episodes each, extending the show to 2019.
Taking the time slot of the popular Cannon series, it aired on CBS from 1973 to 1978.
The series won the 2005 World Food Media Award for 'Best Food/Drink TV show.'
World Business Review is an American television infomercial series that has been criticized for attempting to appear as a bona fide independent news program.
That person chooses a subject but does not reveal this to the others.
Space Ghost Coast to Coast is an American animated parody talk show, created by Mike Lazzo and hosted by the 1960s Hanna-Barbera cartoon character Space Ghost.
An art book was also released in mid-2010.
The show's popular theme tune was Dusty Springfield's song In the Middle of Nowhere, sung by Jackie Clune.
'Hilarity' prevails from the clash of cultures and beliefs.
The show aired Friday nights at 10:30 EST.
The series gives unparalleled insight into Chaplin's working methods and filmmaking techniques.
Repeats can currently be seen on the El Rey Network.
The show format was based on a Nippon Television original series entitled World Records.
Starring American recording artist Britney Spears and her then-husband Kevin Federline, the five-episode series aired on UPN from May 17 to June 14, 2005.
The orchestra also featured a vocalist for the show's entire run.
Beat the Crusher is a British game show that aired on Sky One from 21 September to 23 November 1998.
Partio scopa dextra; Visible only from the right side
The only two cast members to appear in every series were Caroline Lee-Johnson, Trevor Byfield and Steve Toussaint.
The show, starring Imogene Coca in the title role, lasted for one season.
Unlike the ITV plc-owned regions, UTV - the ITV contractor for Northern Ireland - did not provide regional news broadcasts during Daybreak.
The winner won a behind the scenes tour at the Epcot Center.
It was one of the few CBS programs of that era to be broadcast in color.
It is third in a series of historical reality shows produced by Channel 4, preceded by The 1900 House and The 1940s House.
The Mini series was watched by 10.2 million viewers.
In 2006, the first and so far only one-hour edition of the pregame show aired, prior to Game 1 of the 2006 NBA Finals.
A made-for-TV movie, titled The Love Boat: A Valentine Voyage, starring four of the original cast members, aired on February 12, 1990.
The last episode was broadcast on 9 November 2001 with El juego de la vida replacing it the following day.
Filmed in China, it followed a group of martial arts practitioners through a variety of stamina and endurance tasks to determine a winner.
Each episode is an educational look of varying depth into the construction, operation, and staffing of various structures or construction projects, but not ordinary construction products.
The telenovela was produced by Chilean Valentín Pimstein and Carlos Romero, it was directed by Rafael Banquells.
This television series originally aired on The Family Channel from 1991 to 1993 for a total run of 65 episodes.
Clark eventually assumed ownership of the program through his Dick Clark Productions company.
The series has a style of humor similar to Murray's previous series, Rocko's Modern Life.
Most of the episodes used flashbacks to an earlier part of their relationship when the trouble started.
It debuted as the first program broadcast in color on ABC-TV.
Fresh Gear started to air on ZDTV after its launch in May 1998.
This version of the show is very similar to the Italian version, Affari Tuoi.
Big Bad Beetleborgs, another Saban adaptation of a Metal Heroes series, encountered similar problems.
Sex Court: The Movie is a softcore erotica movie from 2001 based on Sex Court.
Cavegirl is a British TV series directed by Daniel Peacock.
El Nombre is an anthropomorphic Mexican gerbil character, originally from a series of educational sketches on Numbertime, the BBC schools programme about mathematics.
Starhunter was syndicated in the United States by Western Television Syndicators, going to air in the fall of 2002.
Science magazines are read by non-scientists and scientists who want accessible information on fields outside their specialization.
The show outlined the life of character Bonnie Malloy, who juggled her personal life and her job as a daytime TV talk show host.
Clone High attracted mixed reviews from television critics upon its premiere, but it has since received critical acclaim and a cult following.
It is a co-production of Sweden, Italy, Germany, Finland, Denmark, and Austria.
The second season of the show premiered on July 9, 2007.
The show consisted of three series totalling 21 episodes that ran between 7 September 1990 and 10 May 1992.
In 1996, TV Guide named the series 'The Best Show You're Not Watching'.
It follows a rebellious but intelligent teenager, Nikko Zond, discovering that his father Solomon's profession is much more mystical and adventurous than he previously thought.
The show began as an animated Flash site on the Web, and was developed into a CBC TV series which first aired in 2003.
In addition, Televisa unveiled Amar Sin Limites for Mexican viewers.
Plaza Sésamo's goals emphasized problem solving and reasoning, and also included perception, symbolic representation, human diversity, and the child's environment.
The show aired on Comedy Central from June 24, 2004 to September 16, 2004.
The Pink Panther in: Pink at First Sight is an animated Valentine's Day special starring The Pink Panther.
No life-shields were used during this season.
All three seasons are available on DVD at Amazon and on the iTunes store, although they are geo-blocked from some countries including Canada.
The season premiere aired January 5, 2007 on Global.
Other executive producers since the fourth season included Bob Daily, George W. Perkins, John Pardee, Joey Murphy, David Grossman, and Larry Shaw.
A second series has been commissioned to air in 2018 on CBeebies and France 5 after a 19 year absence of no new series.
Pete and Jenny had remarried whilst David's marriage to Robyn was crumbling.
The special episode Anthony Bourdain in Beirut that aired between Seasons 2 and 3 was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Informational Programming in 2007.
The show was aimed at a youth audience, and generally dealt with issues such as respect for authority, sharing and prejudice.
The concept was revived during the 1976-77 season as a series of special theme weeks on the daytime Hollywood Squares.
The series follows three couples experiencing the ups-and-downs of romance, originally Adam Williams and Rachel Bradley, Pete and Jenny Gifford and Karen and David Marsden.
Harry O, sometimes spelled Harry-O, is an American private detective series that aired for two seasons on ABC from 1974 to 1976.
From January 4, 2016 to June 8, 2016, Galavision aired another re-run weekdays at 3pm/2c.
On June 30, 2006 Jessica and Nick's divorce was finalized.
The title stood for "Oh Flip It's Sunday", similar to the previous show TFI Friday.
The show was created by David Kohan and Max Mutchnick, both of whom created Will & Grace.
Based on its premise, the show has been described as a hip-hop version of The Apprentice.
The Harp in the South is the debut novel by New Zealand born Australian author Ruth Park.
Often in episodes, the story is interrupted by flashbacks and flash-forwards.
It is a French adaptation of the popular British television series The Office.
The series was the most popular wildlife programme of its time in Britain, and established Attenborough's career as a nature documentary presenter.
Gadget was the only character to appear in this series and the others such as Penny, Brain, Chief Quimby, Capeman and Dr. Claw were totally absent.
The series, which first began on radio in 1949, aired for six seasons with a total of 203 episodes.
The title is a reference to "If you see Sid, tell him", the slogan used for the sale of shares in British Gas plc.
For instance Cowan once told ALF who was readying for a medieval themed episode that "less than 2% of our audience lives in the Dark Ages".
Written by Al Schwartz, Elroy Schwartz and series creator Sherwood Schwartz and directed by Earl Bellamy, it was first broadcast on NBC May 3, 1979.
The show premiered on October 20, 2001 on the ABC block Disney's One Saturday Morning, and was cancelled after one season due to negative ratings.
The program covers the September 11, 2001 attack, the events that led to it, and its aftermath.
Today, the company is now part of Cookie Jar Entertainment and DHX Media.
The DVD release of Britney and Kevin: Chaotic included Spears' first extended play of the same name.
Joke banter was recycled from other series, and outrageously strange props were used.
It ran from 2001 until 2003, when it was cancelled after declining ratings and concerns over the cost of production.
The show taped its first scenes for Prospect Park TOLN on February 18, 2013, and its first episode on the network aired on April 29, 2013.
The show was parodied on Saturday Night Live on October 21, 2006, with Andy Samberg as Aaron Carter and Jason Sudeikis as Nick Carter.
It was released on July 16, 2004, and stars Danielle Panabaker as Brittany Aarons and Brenda Song as Natasha Kwon-Schwartz.
Wonder Showzen is an American sketch comedy television series that aired between 2005 and 2006 on MTV2.
It included four comedian guests and an audience.
It has had six official hosts, beginning with Steve Allen, followed by Jack Paar, Johnny Carson, Jay Leno, Conan O'Brien, and Jimmy Fallon.
A total of 20 episodes were produced over the two-season run.
The mission of the Time Squad is to guide these figures onto the correct path and ensure the integrity of the future.
Following that success the BBC 'effectively told the duo they could adapt any book they wished' leading to Wives and Daughters.
As of 3 August 2007, 4,000 episodes had aired.
The series primarily centres on the residents of Pihlajakatu and its neighbouring areas.
After all of the challenges, the team that predicted the most correctly would go into the final round.
During the second season, it was dropped, along with Dr. Shrinker.
The show was confirmed finished by Christopher Ückermann.
Peter Scolari took over the role as Wayne Szalinski, the wacky inventor in the original film, played by Rick Moranis.
The Price of Coal is a two-part television drama written by Barry Hines and directed by Ken Loach first broadcast in 1977.
Rather than film in the Soviet Union, Schlesinger used several locations in Scotland.
The serial was written by Liverpudlian playwright Alan Bleasdale, as a sequel to a television play, The Black Stuff.
The programme was first aired on 19 September 1994.
While Garland herself was popular with critics, the initial variety format and her co-star, Jerry Van Dyke, were not.
The story is a sequel to Bergman's Scenes from a Marriage, bringing back the characters of Johan and Marianne.
The series was about four friends who each suffer from eating disorders, who met at a "shame-based" support group called Belt Tighteners.
A recurring theme in the books is conversation between Carter and baby Daniel.
A German version was shown in 2004.
51 on its list of the 60 Best Series of All Time.
However all episodes were aired by some non-English TV stations.
It has also been released digitally to the iTunes Store and physically on DVD as part of Warner Bros.' Archive Collection on a four-disc set.
Transmitted in the UK from 3 December 1978 to 27 April 1985, the series spanned seven seasons and thirty-seven episodes.
UK Today was a BBC television news programme shown on most digital satellite and digital terrestrial versions of BBC One and BBC Two.
After the agreement ended in 2007, the company created its own TNA World Heavyweight and TNA World Tag Team championships.
The first six episodes were subtitled "Six of the Best".
Repeat episodes continued to air until March 25, 2005 when its replacement program, Attack of the Show!
Set in and around Bolton, each episode functions as a self-contained documentary following a different set of characters, many of them played by Kay.
TV Guide ranked it #10 on their 2013 list of 60 shows that were "Cancelled Too Soon".
Games typically air at 9:00 p.m EST, following an ESPN's presentation of ACC Wednesday college basketball.
Kamen Rider V3 is a Japanese tokusatsu television series.
Teenage hosts Araya and Christina investigate real-life reports of mysteries such as spirits, legendary creatures, monsters, dinosaurs and UFOs.
Camp Cariboo is a Canadian children's television program that aired on several CTV stations from 1986 to 1989, lasting for a total of five seasons.
Al's television set is called "Al TV", the name of a number of Yankovic's television specials.
It premiered on March 25, 2006 and was broadcast as a Saturday prime time show.
The show was watched by 90 million viewers in over 100 different countries.
Hush was the first television cartoon designed to run as a half-hour show highlighting a single character.
It was written by Ian Pattison and produced and directed by Colin Gilbert who worked together on Rab C. Nesbitt.
The show premiered in 1998, and featured communities that varied in size and prominence, from the smallest village to the largest urban areas.
The show was presented by George Hamilton and featured Jimmy Magee and Mary Hogan as scorekeeper.
It was broadcast from February 2, 1980 to January 31, 1981.
Since BBC have the rights to Premier League highlights, Football Focus also shows the key moments from the midweek matches.
It was created by and starred Chuck Norris as himself, and produced by Ruby-Spears Productions.
Others associated with the show, such as writers, have gone on to successful careers creating, writing, or starring in TV and film.
Dead at 21 is a television series broadcast by MTV in 1994.
name and, as such, is sometimes marketed as its third season.
Their debut 45 "You're Gonna Miss Me", a national Billboard No.
Despite the program's large budget and large, impressive cast, it was cancelled due to low ratings after the episode containing this event was aired.
The show spawned two spin-offs: Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior and Criminal Minds: Beyond Borders.
He is ably supported by Jenny McCrindle, Ewan Stewart and Trainspotting's Kevin McKidd.
It is currently hosted by James Corden.
It originally aired from 1984 to 2000 with several changes of cast members.
Dead Man Weds is a six-part comedy series shown on ITV in Britain in January and early February 2005, and repeated on ITV2.
Alex struggles with dating while looking for love in a big city.
Dengeki Sentai Changeman is a Japanese television series and the ninth installment of the Super Sentai franchise.
The show features cutout animation, in which characters are created using black-and-white photographs.
In 2013, TV Guide ranked Family Feud third in its list of the 60 greatest game shows of all time.
The shows operated for fifty weeks a year from 2003 to 2010, with videos added to the playlist each week.
At stake was prize money of £5,000.
At Sprint Cup events, the program was always hosted by Nicole Briscoe.
Produced by Filmways as a sister show to Petticoat Junction, the series was first broadcast on CBS, from September 15, 1965, to April 27, 1971.
It was aired on Fox Kids Network from September 12, 1998 to May 12, 1999.
Each episode centered on a theme from a book, or other children's literature, which was explored through a number of segments or stories.
The sitcom consists of 60 episodes spread over 6 seasons, each episode lasting 25 minutes.
The overall winner of the contest is the entry that has received the most points after the scores from every country have been collected and totalled.
It debuted on U.S. television in 1964.
Produced by ITV Yorkshire, it has been filmed at their Leeds studio since its inception.
Dirty Filthy Love is a British single television drama starring Michael Sheen as an architect living with obsessive-compulsive disorder and Tourette syndrome.
The play concerns a group of seven-year-olds playing in the Forest of Dean one summer afternoon in 1943.
It centers on stunts and street magic acts by magician Criss Angel.
Rollergirls was produced by Gary and Julie Auerbach, the creators of MTV's Laguna Beach: The Real Orange County.
And it was the first series to air on Fridays instead of Saturdays.
Nazis: The Occult Conspiracy is an American television documentary film about Nazi occultism.
The episodes all took place in or around Wizadora's cottage.
The final regular character, Mona, appears as a mermaid-of-sorts who lies nude on a revolving circular bed in the basement of Bimbo's, a club Isaak frequents.
These segments are flanked by various stand-alone sketches that will sometimes elaborate on minor characters.
The Shadoks were bird-like in appearance, were characterised by ruthlessness and stupidity and inhabited a two dimensional planet.
It was created by Sol Saks under executive director Harry Ackerman, and starred Elizabeth Montgomery, Dick York, Agnes Moorehead, David White and Erin Murphy.
The 32nd American Music Awards were held on November 14, 2004.
Toei distributed the series internationally under the title Five Rangers.
The show was created and written by John Cleese and Connie Booth, who both also starred in the show.
Bani is actually saved by a handsome stranger named Aparajit Deb, who gives her shelter in his house.
Under the current voting system, the highest scoring winner is Salvador Sobral of Portugal who won the 2017 contest in Kiev, Ukraine, with 758 points.
A small company of actors each played many roles; indeed, as actors came and went, some characters were played by more than one actor.
An oft-delayed CGI film based on the franchise, Gatchaman, last slated for a 2011 release from Warner Bros., was officially canceled in June 2011.
Such allegations are not new to this contest.
He is invisible to people around him except for the master carpenter Eder with whom Pumuckl lives.
In May 2014, BET announced the return of ComicView.
is an American spy fiction television series broadcast on NBC.
WAGs Boutique was a reality television show on ITV2 in which two teams of WAGs ran two rival fashion boutiques over a three-month period.
Cowbois ac Injans is a Welsh language television drama written by brother and sister Jon Tregenna and Catherine Tregenna which was broadcast on S4C.
Launched on September 14, 2002, it first aired on Associated Broadcasting Company before moving the following year to Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation before returning again to TV5.
The last episode aired December 28, 2008.
Using the legendary battle mania, Kangto enters tournament organized by a group.
Two of the show's stars had already signed on to new projects, which did not bode well for the show's chances of renewal.
It began with eleven main characters in its first series, all of whom have since left the show.
The programme saw Julie Webb and David Drummond play Abigail and Roger, an engaged couple living in London bedsits.
Critically acclaimed at time of broadcast, it remains well regarded to this day as one of Nigel Kneale's best and most terrifying plays.
The series was created by Don Arioli and Carolyne Cullum.
Sommer's current partner officer is Jan Orlop.
The series followed the exploits of the Roberts family: marine veterinarian Grant "Doc" Roberts and his children, Nicole and Jonah.
Of these series, only Banacek demonstrated any longevity.
The geekiness and intellect of the four men are contrasted for comic effect with Penny's social skills and common sense.
OVW remained in this role from 2000 until 2008.
An edited, dubbed version later aired in the United States on Nickelodeon from November 1988 through April 1993.
The daily current affairs programme was aimed at viewers across Asia with in-depth reports from BBC correspondents and interviews with leading players.
was a MuchMusic special where six stand-up comedians critiqued comedians and discussed current gossip.
GMT with George Alagiah took its place in the schedule at 12:30 on BBC Two.
A second and last season of the series began on Sunday, March 4, 2007.
The books were published in the early 1990s, and named as follows:
Egoli was "aimed at women of all nationalities between the ages of 25 and 45, with middle or upper incomes."
Flip This House is an American television series that airs on the A&E television network as well as the Bio network.
ESPNEWS is seen on ESPN during the game in the teams' designated markets, unless local broadcasters choose not to televise the game.
Captain Zeppos was a Belgian children's television series, which aired in 1964 and 1968.
Michael Jackson was the big winner of the night, winning eight awards.
It was awarded the Parents Choice Award in 2003, and was nominated for the Gemini Awards.
The show ran on the Global Television Network, and lasted five episodes.
Bánh mì — Huong Lan, San Jose, California; Lucy Sheets, outside My Ngoc, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
The show ended with Bethany calling off her marriage to Grant when his newly recovered mother Mara began to interfere again.
Believed to have used the name to please a grandchild, Levesque's filly became a Canadian and United States champion racehorse in 1970.
The theme song is "Swimmy" by Every Little Thing.
The show is aimed at pre-schoolers, and is of a light-hearted nature.
The half-hour black-and-white program aired for 229 episodes on ABC from 1955 to 1961 and featured Hugh O'Brian in the title role.
The program's defining game mechanism is that the other item is hidden from the trader until that choice is made.
The winner of the 2004 competition was Jamie Quarry.
PopClips was preceded by the video Elephant Parts, and a second series titled Television Parts, both of which Nesmith hosted and produced.
He sleeps on a bed with an automatic massage setting, calling it the best sleep he's ever had.
Dateline NBC, or simply Dateline, is a weekly American television newsmagazine/reality legal show that is broadcast on NBC.
The first season aired on Eén in 2006.
Hugh Pugh and Mr. Ffff were brought over from the original Barry Welsh series.
The series focuses on Toby and Elizabeth, two teenagers who are mysteriously turned into wizards of science.
Ka Ina is a Venezuelan telenovela written by César Miguel Rondón and broadcast on Venevisión.
Around 1.5 million viewers watch each episode.
It was adapted into manhua by Yu Jia Yan.
The tournament featured a number of technological gimmicks in an effort to increase viewer interest and excitement.
The programme won a BAFTA award for Best Comedy Series in 1988 and received three further nominations.
Streets around the downtown core close at approximately 8:00 a.m. and remain closed for the better part of the afternoon.
The show revolves around the reporters and producers at a fictional television newsmagazine series, The Eleventh Hour.
The pair befriended the human Francolin upon arrival on earth.
The show was cancelled despite being a top 10 hit.
Hymn Sing was a Canadian television series produced in Winnipeg, Manitoba, for CBC Television.
It was produced by Granada for ITV and based on Joop van den Ende's Dutch format, Soundmixshow.
TV Guide ranked it #8 on their 2013 list of 60 shows that were "Cancelled Too Soon".
The show aired twice weekly from 1981 to 1982, with the first episode going to air on 17 June 1981.
There was also a postman named Lovable Truly, a young Asian boy named So Hi and Rory Raccoon.
In another episode, Fat Albert and his friends make their own Brown Hornet movie to submit to a film festival.
The show also features psychotherapist Graham Stanier, who helps Kyle during the show and assists guests further after they are on air.
Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer is the title used for two syndicated television series that followed the adventures of fictional private detective Mike Hammer.
It starred Josh Brolin as an idealistic United States Senator, and featured Audra McDonald, William Russ, David Noroña, and James Whitmore as members of his staff.
The series was a winner of various television awards.
It is unknown if a second volume, or Season 2 set will be released.
She claims that she has permission of MTV3 and FremantleMedia to post the clips.
The loose plot of the series revolves around a number of mostly unrelated storylines which are told in segments in each episode.
However on from April 2009, M-Net moved Egoli to the 18:30 timeslot.
A spin-off series, Booker, was produced for the character of Dennis Booker; it ran one season, from September 1989 to June 1990.
The series follows the adventures of two teenage siblings, Chuck and Nancy, traveling around a mystical Arabian world, mounted on Kaboobie the flying camel.
Many of the characters and stories used throughout the show were based on events depicted in the book.
The series centers on a San Francisco hospital.
Weimer often rewarded staff members with the opportunity to pitch story ideas and direct segments of the series.
Created by Irna Phillips and William J.
You're a Star was a singing contest in Ireland, similar to The X Factor in the United Kingdom and American Idol in the USA.
Slap Bang with Ant & Dec is a television programme that was shown in the United Kingdom on ITV in 2001.
The executive producers were Steven Spielberg and Tom Hanks, who had collaborated on the 1998 World War II film Saving Private Ryan.
The series, starring William Petersen, Marg Helgenberger, Laurence Fishburne, Ted Danson, and Elisabeth Shue, is the first in the CSI franchise.
Our Friends in the North helped to establish the careers of its four lead actors, Daniel Craig, Christopher Eccleston, Gina McKee and Mark Strong.
The programme has averaged 2 million viewers in its 5pm slot.
The series was directed by Shereen Jerret in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
The one-off drama starred Jack Shepherd, Zoë Wanamaker, Michael Kitchen, Miranda Richardson and Erika Hoffman
Earth: Final Conflict is a Canadian science fiction television series based on ideas developed by Gene Roddenberry.
The documentary scored good ratings and has been rerun several times as part of the Whoa!
Born and Bred is a light-hearted British comedy drama series that aired on BBC One from 21 April 2002 to 3 August 2005.
The show was created by Roy Huggins and Stephen J. Cannell.
The game challenges your memory, quick answer, and ability to solve the puzzle.
Part of this mafia gang includes two villainous crows, who are brothers.
In April 2013, Showtime announced that season eight would be the final season of Dexter.
In the final episode, Jennifer Steele was declared the winner, with her magazine cover unveiled in Times Square.
The programme is currently presented by John Craven, Adam Henson, Matt Baker, Tom Heap, Ellie Harrison, Anita Rani and Helen Skelton.
The final airing of the show was on 21 October 2006.
Strange Love is an American reality television series featuring Brigitte Nielsen and Flavor Flav that aired on VH1.
Its stories revolved around the adventures of puppet mice Nic and Pic as they travelled around the world in a hot air balloon.
A highlight of the show was the secret decoder wheel which kids could request by mail.
The show became simply known as WWF Challenge in 1995.
These guests provide an opening monologue, are interviewed by Alan and Justin and take questions from the studio audience.
Bernard's Watch was a British children's drama series about a young boy who could stop time with a magical pocket watch.
Rescue 8 is a syndicated American action drama series about Los Angeles County Fire Department Rescue Squad 8.
The program features news, current affairs, weather updates, showbiz, fashion, beauty, food, health, home and garden.
On average it pulls in 4 million viewers.
After several years, reruns made a short-lived return on MTV2, with only 6 episodes airing on October 16, 2016.
Many of the presenters and staff on DEF II started their careers on Network 7 and had followed Street-Porter when she was "poached" by the BBC.
Desperate Housewives was well received by viewers and critics alike.
Although he doesn't understand it, his life revolves around Marion and her new partner Geoff, and his love for his "little smashers".
It uses iconography, situations and dialogue from films.
The show ran for two seasons, as the dinosaur boom that had followed The Land Before Time waned, causing viewership to drop.
It was shown on Channel 3 in Iran and Jame Jam 1 for Iranians living abroad.
Slavi's Show is a long-running Bulgarian evening talk show aired every workday on bTV from 22:30 to 23:30 EET and hosted by Slavi Trifonov.
Kapoor himself has appeared on a celebrity version of the show.
El Chapulín Colorado is a Mexican television comedy series that ran from 1972 to 1981 and parodied superhero shows.
Dinner and a Movie is an American cooking and entertainment television program aired on TBS from 1995 to 2011.
the latest bloopers of the news presenters, politicians or other celebrities
Salter Street Films produced the series until the 2003–2004 season.
7 in its list of the 60 greatest game shows ever.
It has been released to DVD by Warner Home Video as a bonus feature to Snoopy's Reunion.
The series focuses on those who continue to strive on to overcome their financial and social problems despite being debt-ridden.
The Single Guy was created by Brad Hall.
Freej is an Emirati three-dimensional, computer animated television series for children.
However, with Leader being a dog, he is mainly showing the race what he and other dogs do on earth.
It is the longest-running Filipino language evening newscast since its inception on March 2, 1987.
From January 2006 until April 2006 Boo Boo Runs Wild aired every single Sunday on Adult Swim.
ET on race day, with a post-race edition running on ESPN2 on the evening following the event.
The game featured two teams of three contestants each who competed against each other to answer trivia questions in various formats.
It stars David Wenham, Isabelle Blais, and Alex Tilman.
It was based on the Danish series The Julekalender from 1991, which also inspired a Finnish version in 1997.
Buffy's success has led to hundreds of tie-in products, including novels, comics, and video games.
Edna Purviance corpses in several clips, and in one she plays a joke on another actress during filming.
and Dirty Dragon: Bill Jackson, Live in Person—One Last Time", in December 2009, saying this would be his last time appearing as a performer.
Identifying 12 random flavors of Baskin-Robbins ice cream while blindfolded
The series starred Ross Kemp as central character Staff Sergeant Henry 'Henno' Garvie.
Kate Silverton and Jackson Looseyia were added to the presenting team for Big Cat Live.
On day two, the dad has to face a task their partner reckons he's always avoided in the past.
As well, Montgomery's most famous character, Anne Shirley never appeared on Road To Avonlea, although she was referred to on very few occasions.
150 episodes were commissioned and made, but only the first 108 were broadcast before the closure of BSB.
It was originally broadcast from 26 May 2002 to 18 December 2003.
Jim Warren was the show's founding host for the 1981–1982 season.
It was the last first-run series produced by Filmation Associates to air on NBC.
The program premiered on October 15, 1981 and is hosted by automotive journalist John H. Davis, who is also the series’ creator and executive producer.
In the first two seasons, the series centered on teenage girl Fiona Phillips who toured with her rock-star mom, while encountering paranormal activity along the way.
The series started in 2002 and ended in late 2009 with Dunne's death.
struggled in the ratings from the start.
The finale was broadcast live on April 9, 2005, where the two finalists in each weight class faced off for a contract with the UFC.
A remote pickup unit is usually used to transmit the audio and/or video back to the television station, where it joins the normal airchain.
In season 3, Abisheganaden left the judging panel and the rest of the judges returned to the show.
The series is about an insurance investigator named Ben Ford who works the border in both Detroit and Windsor.
De Fantom was treacherously cast into a painting within the halls of his house, Castle De Fantom, and became trapped for centuries.
In this series, Cruickshank takes a five-month world tour visiting his choices of the eighty greatest man-made treasures, including buildings and artifacts.
Martindale, who left Tic-Tac-Dough and was replaced by Jim Caldwell to take the position on Headline Chasers, also created the series and was its executive producer.
The program's primary venue was the Palace Theatre in Hollywood, but the show also made visits to other locations.
It was created by Kevin O'Donnell and Vincent Nguyen.
The show lasted for only two seasons and, though syndicated sporadically, dropped into obscurity.
Like Truth or Dare, the performance scenes were shot in color, while the rest of the film was in black-and-white.
It was filmed in Montreal, Toronto, Vancouver and Winnipeg; the fifth season, set in Halifax, Nova Scotia, first aired in September 2006.
Ultra Q can be described as a half-hour Toho kaiju series.
Tikkabilla presenter Simon Davies also presented Play School in its later years.
Queer Eye for the Straight Girl is a spin-off of the television show Queer Eye for the Straight Guy.
A whodunit crime drama, Telecrime showed the viewer enough evidence to solve the crime themselves.
Regional bulletins aired three times each weekday, and included a look at the days main headlines, a travel news update, and a weather forecast.
On December 23, 2005, Channel 4 showed the entire series in one evening under the title Sword of Xanten, describing it as a "megafeature".
A regular spot on the show was their children's talent show "Search for a Superstar".
Produced by Robert Bennett, Alexander Muse and Scott Ryan, the pilot originally aired on INHD and the series premiered on VOOM's Rush HD HDTV channel.
In 2017, James Charisma of Paste ranked the show's opening sequence #14 on a list of The 75 Best TV Title Sequences of All Time.
The series was broadcast on the Mainichi Broadcasting System from October 17, 1980 to October 3, 1981.
The supporting cast includes Janeane Garofalo, Wallace Langham, Penny Johnson, Linda Doucett, Scott Thompson and Jeremy Piven.
Skysurfer Strike Force is an American/Japanese animated series that was featured on the BKN cartoon block and was produced by Ruby-Spears Productions and Ashi Productions.
The mini series garnered excellent ratings but CBS passed on a proposed series, which NBC picked up.
It originally aired on HBO from 1977 through 2008.
Their audition feature, where amateur women try out for the program, is one of their most popular segments and generates the most feedback from its viewers.
Paul Soles himself was the first show host for the initial 1971 summer episodes.
In 2002, Nightline was ranked 23rd on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time.
It features Yosuke Eguchi, Noriko Sakai and Masaharu Fukuyama as its leading characters.
This Land was a Canadian television series, which aired from 1970 to 1982 on CBC Television.
What Not to Wear was hosted by Stacy London and Clinton Kelly.
Both programs used stock footage from the Hanna-Barbera cartoon Space Ghost.
Flash - a tortoise, with a paper shell.
Each Xiao Xiao cartoon is given a Chinese title with the adjective "Xiao Xiao" preceding a descriptive noun phrase.
In the second episode of Series 19, the crew allegedly captured a "ghost" on camera.
The show was first broadcast to Europe on satellite and cable channel Sky Channel and later on Sky One and Sky Europe.
The show ran for one season on PBS from June 3, 1996 to August 9, 1996, with 50 episodes produced in total.
A third season had been planned, but was cancelled after financial supporters backed out, presumably due to low ratings.
The show was part of BKN's drive to reinvent itself.
The film won numerous awards, including 11 Primetime Emmy Awards, a Golden Globe Award, and the Peabody Award.
Remember WENN is a comedy-drama television series that aired from 1996 to 1998 on the cable channel American Movie Classics.
The first two air for one minute as a sneak preview, and the last one, the regular edition, is 15 minutes with a single commercial break.
The Pain Clinic covers professional wrestling news, while also interviewing various WWE and TNA superstars.
The series focuses on the greatest physician and pharmacologist in Chinese history, Li Shizhen and his herbalist manual, Bencao Gangmu.
Comedy Connections mostly documented BBC comedies and sitcoms, although two programmes have been from ITV and two from Channel 4.
Beovizija was organised and broadcast live each year by RTS1, on RTRS in Bosnia and Herzegovina, and internationally on Eurovision.tv and RTS SAT as of 2008.
The premise of the show was to revitalize the exterior of the two "crappiest looking houses" on the block in two days with a fixed budget.
His multicultural group of friends consisted of Nestor Best, Max, and Tony "Duke" Zarro, who hung around regularly to the perennial disapproval of King's mother Gladys.
The shorts were originally released on the Internet through Lynch's website [1], and were released as a DVD in 2005.
Canada Tonight was a Canadian television newscast which aired on stations owned by Western International Communications from 1993 to 2001.
An edited version of the film aired on the Sci-Fi Channel on October 15, 2005.
Robbery Homicide Division is an American police procedural television series on CBS, created by Barry Schindel [1] with executive producer Michael Mann.
Also, the subject of each episode is discussed with several children providing their answers to questions provided by Jana and/or the puppets.
At first, Linus was the spokesman for the short-lived Post cereal "Heart of Oats".
For The Day Today, Peter Baynham joined the writing team, and Lee and Herring were replaced by Graham Linehan and Arthur Mathews.
Although wagon trains are associated with the Old West, the Trekboers of South Africa also traveled in caravans of covered wagons.
It aired in Latin America on Sony Spin for a short time.
Hearts Afire is an American sitcom starring John Ritter and Markie Post that aired on CBS from September 14, 1992 to February 1, 1995.
That's Hockey is a Canadian television series on TSN which presents the latest news in hockey as well as panelists and interviews with hockey personalities.
Arthur of the Britons is a British television show about the historical King Arthur.
The movie ended on a cliffhanger, which was never resolved.
La Femme Nikita was the highest-rated drama on American basic cable during its first two seasons.
You can find out just by saying...
On February 12, 2016, a special episode focused on Ripa's 15 years as part of the program.
It examines when people accept inequality and when they challenge it".
Animal Rescue is a TV series hosted and produced by Alex Paen.
Made in a small studio, Fantome, in France, it was the 1994 recipient of a "Children and Young People" Emmy Award.
In the programme, three amateur artists were given four hours to paint, in watercolour, the same scene or landscape, often with widely different interpretations.
Many employees went to work for Overhaulin's Chip Foose, a former partner of Coddington.
In her segment, male guests dress as females while female guests dress as males.
Inside Dish is the third of Ray's four shows on Food Network, and premiered on November 5, 2004.
The first season of the series was videotaped at ABC Television Center in Hollywood.
It only ran for one season, with a total count of 65 episodes.
Xiao Xiao is an Internet Flash cartoon series by Chinese animator Zhu Zhiqiang, featuring stick figure men performing choreographed fight scenes.
The series premiered on August 28, 2006 on Nickelodeon's Nick Jr. in the United States and concluded on February 21, 2010.
The toyline was not very successful, which led to both the series and the comic being cancelled after short runs.
It was written by Leonardo Padrón and directed by Carlos Izquierdo.
The animations used the same colourful cut-out paper look as McKee's other works, such as Mr Benn.
Each show began with a spoof news item read by Barker as a continuity announcer.
The Swiss Family Robinson is an American action and adventure series that was broadcast during the 1975–76 TV season.
It airs on the Food Network in the United States, and is known as the channel's flagship show.
The games took place on a table using augmented reality technology.
After Norman Fell and Audra Lindley left the series for their own sitcom, Don Knotts joined the cast as the roommates' new landlord Ralph Furley.
Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger is a Japanese tokusatsu television series and the sixteenth installment in the long-running Super Sentai franchise of superhero programs.
Mindreaders is an American game show produced by Goodson-Todman Productions which aired on NBC from August 13, 1979 through January 11, 1980.
The first live match shown was a 3-3 draw between Sampdoria and Lazio on 6 September 1992, attracting three million UK viewers.
Several Anderson series have been shown in syndication in the US, but Fireball XL5 is the only Anderson series to have run on a US network.
The movie is the 23rd Disney Channel Original Movie and is based on the book Me Two by Mary C. Ryan.
Originally the pair would get into bed but in later seasons they sat at the kitchen table.
It is based upon the eponymous book and also The Rancher Takes a Wife.
Anchored by veteran Cotabato City journalist Jasper Acosta, it is aired live daily from the ABS-CBN Newscenter Cotabato at 5:00 PM, from Monday to Friday.
Judge John Deed is a British legal drama television series produced by the BBC in association with One-Eyed Dog for BBC One.
The series' characters were based on real individuals.
ITV announced on 12 May 2006, that the show had been axed.
Squirrel: An orange Squirrel, who frequently pays visits to Bunny, and lives in the wild, but still with all the affordable modern comforts.
Throughout the show Jason comes up with different cars to suit the buyer's needs, summarising the positives and negatives.
Griff Rhys Jones has been the presenter since 2008.
The film is an adaptation of the Charles Dickens story of a similar name.
Dustmop the puppet was introduced in 1967.
Likewise, Joanna Cameron appeared as Isis on Shazam!
The two participants which receive the most overall points advance forward to a televised 'dance-off' final, where the winner is decided by the jury.
The transmitted to a large number of audiences nationwide and then transmitted in Latin America, Europe and Asia.
Bargain Hunters is a game show that aired on ABC daytime from July 6, 1987 to September 4, 1987.
He has no real super-powers of note, just a desire to help "li'l kids" in trouble.
GVTV was an online video series produced by the city of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada; and the regional Metro Vancouver government, based in Vancouver.
The programme is broadcast to over 200 countries on the BBC footprint, reaching every corner of the globe.
This game is often seen as the ESPN Game of the Week along with the Saturday night telecast.
Love Connection is an American television game show, hosted by Chuck Woolery, in which singles attempted to connect with a compatible partner of a different gender.
The show is hosted by Shane Bourne, and is judged by Tom Gleisner.
Music Idol was the Bulgarian version of the British television hit show Pop Idol.
The Care Bears Battle the Freeze Machine is the second television special to feature the Care Bears characters.
Shelley Duvall served as narrator, host and executive producer of the program, and occasionally starred in episodes.
The first episode was a stand-alone television special which aired on March 7, 1985.
Culshaw used most of the impressions that featured on Dead Ringers, but there were some new ones.
It was recorded in front of an all-female audience.
It is produced by Granada Television and comedian Harry Hill has been providing narration to the programme since 2004.
During the competition, both chefs prepare their particular version of the dish, and both are then evaluated by local judges to determine a winner.
The aging of the actors would have meant a distinct change in tone and content had the show continued.
Starring comedian Richard Jeni, the television series was based on an hour-long HBO special of Jeni's filmed in 1992.
The feature was produced by Matt Groening's The Curiosity Company, and animated by DNA Productions.
On January 20, 2016, it was announced that the show had been renewed for three additional seasons through 2020.
The first of three films based on the Entebbe Raid, Raid on Entebbe and Operation Thunderbolt soon followed.
The Quatermass Experiment is a British science-fiction serial broadcast by BBC Television during the summer of 1953 and re-staged by BBC Four in 2005.
In March 2011, the show was in hiatus, due to the more recent Omation show Planet Sheen pausing production of "Back at the Barnyard" episodes.
He was offered the show after he hosted a 1968 summer replacement for The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour.
Marcus Brigstocke played dubious historian David Oxley, who would attempt to 'recreate' a number of historical events in a modern setting.
Rejseholdet won the 2002 International Emmy Award for best drama series.
Despite a cult following the program was axed after just four weeks and replaced by repeats of the SA Sports Show.
In the series, Alice, was portrayed as a girl who can come and go from Wonderland simply by walking through her mirror.
The film featured two original songs by New Orleans-based singer/songwriter Kristin Diable and marked the cable television premiere of her work.
Prendergast had disappeared in 1985 and apart from Lee, the rest of the gang had all been murdered by the end of 1987.
It is based on the true story of Jang-geum, the first female royal physician of the Joseon Dynasty.
The Greatest Canadian Invention is a television mini-series originally aired on CBC Television.
The second series was released on 16 October 2006; a boxed set containing both series was released on the same date.
The show was hosted by a stationary picture of the Barker Bill character with an off-camera announcer introducing the cartoons.
During the third season, Brown trades the motorcycle for a boat to island hop throughout the Caribbean with a similar mission.
The Sopot International Song Festival is an annual international song contest held in Sopot, Poland.
Elwood Glover's Luncheon Date was a Canadian television talk show series which aired on CBC Television from 1963 to 1975.
The O'Keefes is an American television sitcom, that aired on The WB Television Network.
I live in a farm in Kansas in the countryside.
It was Saban's first fantasy series to involve knights, dragons, and wizards.
However, the Litton versions of the program were severely edited and changed.
The contestants compete for their own design show on HGTV, which follows the format of The Next Food Network Star on sister channel Food Network.
The series was written by several writers including Jill Hyem, Peter Buckman, Deborah Cook and Ginnie Hole.
Babblewick Hall was a radio comedy broadcast on BBC Radio 4 written by Scott Cherry.
However, in accordance with the Gospels, the film depicts Nicodemus and Joseph of Arimathea as sympathetic members of the Sanhedrin.
Producer Gerard Glaister drew upon his own wartime experiences, having served as a pilot in the RAF.
Singer Tori Kelly performed on the show during the PAX run and won, beating out singer and accordionist, Hunter Hayes.
Created by Ed Naha, it was filmed in southern Ontario, Canada and in Cape Town, South Africa.
Balitang America stopped its airing on ABS-CBN's sister channel, ABS-CBN News Channel.
The 21st Century was cancelled after three seasons.
The news service is produced from the main studios of Channel Television in St. Helier, Jersey.
The show aired in reruns on Disney Junior from 2012 to 2014.
It has also been airing on Jetix in the UK since February 2006, as well as on CITV.
The show starred Terence Longdon as airman Garry Halliday.
The characters were created by Bob Kane as a parody of his earlier creations, Batman and Robin.
Oz is an American television drama series created by Tom Fontana, who also wrote or co-wrote all of the series' 56 episodes.
Benedetta is the feminine form of Benedict which means blessed..
It has since become syndicated in many different countries, and dubbed into other languages.
The Anna Nicole Show is an American reality sitcom starring former model and Playboy Playmate Anna Nicole Smith.
The casts were split up into two different six-person teams, one representing The Real World and the other representing Road Rules.
The main focus of the show is the wedding banquet of couples from different origins.
The show was compiled using footage of interviews and dramatic reenactments of the situation.
Televised nationwide by CTV Television Network, the Parade starts at 12:30p.m.
It was filmed on location at Sea World and other locations on the Gold Coast.
A new version of the series has been produced by Cosgrove Hall from 2004, which expanded on many aspects of the original series.
In 1966 the series was adapted into a comic strip by British comics artist John Gillatt, which appeared in the British comic magazine Tiger.
The show was fronted by Virgin Radio breakfast host Christian O'Connell and featured up to 50% of user content.
The one line pitch was "a fake Siskel and Ebert reviewing fake TV shows."
The program was designed to teach basic math skills and terminology in an entertaining fashion to children between approximately 8 and 10 years of age.
Gamer.tv was a weekly television show produced by the company of the same name, that ran from 2002 to 2008.
History IQ was produced by Glow in the Dark Productions.
The 2011 lineup included: Anna & Katy, Totally Tom and Rick and Peter.
This season debuted on Logo in February 2007.
It was based on the successful Scandinavian show Kerry's Getting Married, which revolves around a single woman's quest to find a partner and get married.
The series premiered on Wednesday, September 16, 1992 on TLC, and on various other channels a few days later through syndication on 220 other channels.
From 1991 until 1997, the series aired infrequently.
The actor who played Mike in the final series unfortunately died in 2015 aged 30.
St. Paul — Kim Van, St. Louis
Traditionally, the show airs at 9 p.m. Eastern time/6 p.m. Pacific time every Monday or Tuesday during its run.
Episodes 109-150 were first shown in the UK on the Sci Fi Channel in 1996.
Four Weddings is a British reality television series that premiered on Sky Living, on 6 July 2009.
The film is backed by Headstrong Productions, in association with the New Zealand Film Commission.
In the third season, Michael Ironside replaced Scheider as lead of the series and starred as Captain Oliver Hudson.
Jamie's School Dinners is a four-episode documentary series broadcast on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom from 23 February to 16 March 2005.
The show was cancelled three times in 1998, 2001 and 2003 after failing ratings despite a revamp of the set in 2002.
Hosted by Rita Cosby, Rita Cosby: Live and Direct consisted of breaking news reports and rare interviews.
Starring Go Soo, Lee Da-hae, Lee Jong-hyuk and Kim Seo-hyung, Green Rose interweaves romance into a story of revenge to offer a fascinating drama.
The series was made by Teledu Opus, which later became Rondo Productions.
The Forest Rangers was a Canadian television series that ran from 1963 to 1965.
In the original format, a contestant was shown 10 faces.
It premiered on ABC on February 14, 1981.
Twenty-six flash-animated shorts were also produced for Sony's ScreenBlast website in 2002.
The title "Tikkabilla" comes from the Hindi word meaning "Hopscotch", a popular children's game.
It was originally planned that popular wrestler Big Daddy would host and that it would be called "Big Daddy's Saturday Show".
Before it was broadcast on 9 August 2008 on BBC America, the programme received generally positive reaction from American critics as well.
They do this by protecting Shen Gong Wu from villains that would use them to conquer the world.
Hot Property is a Channel 5 show originally broadcast from 1997 to 1998 and hosted by Sandy Mitchell.
Raising Dad is an American television sitcom that aired on The WB Television Network from October 5, 2001 until May 10, 2002.
The series discussed issues with the Swedish language in an entertaining way.
The two most notably appeared together in drag as characters Cissie and Ada.
Also re-appearing was Richard Beckinsale as Lennie Godber, who had been Fletcher's naïve young cellmate and was now in a relationship with Fletcher's daughter Ingrid.
is a British children's television series produced by Central Independent Television about the adventures of a boy who shapeshifts into a dog.
The seventeen episodes were originally broadcast from September 6, 1969, to December 27, 1969.
After the series was canceled by CBS in 1981, NBC aired three television movie sequels in 1982, with three more in the 1990s on CBS.
At the end of 2006, regulars Sara Kroos and Arie Koomen left the show, leaving it with only three regular performers.
So far there has only been one season of Afrikaans Idols.
Billy Sammeth and Chris Cowey returned as judges.
While in syndication, the series aired on multiple television networks in the United States, including Boomerang, Cartoon Network, and the USA Network.
There are no plans to continue production of the show.
The main cast included only five Swedish actors, two other Swedish actors were seen in minor roles.
Dunia Tanpa Koma is the first TV series in Indonesia that has the season system.
The series was produced by Reo's Impact Zone Productions and Witt/Thomas Productions in association with Warner Bros. Television.
Ryan's sister Sandra is also a central character with her friendship with Jack Donnelly providing humour and balance to the cast.
The show has been critically acclaimed, and has a Metacritic score of 84/100.
In August 2010, History Channel began to air older episodes that had been edited to fit a 30-minute time slot, under the title Modern Marvels: Essentials.
The name of the show is a play on tailspin, the rapid descent of an aircraft in a steep spiral.
It is a loose continuation of 2002's Spider-Man film directed by Sam Raimi, completely ignoring the events of Spider-Man 2 and Spider-Man 3.
The Merv Griffin Show is an American television talk show, starring Merv Griffin.
For the show's seventh season, the show was renamed and shortened into a daily half-hour show, George Stroumboulopoulos Tonight, beginning September 20, 2010.
ESPNU College Football is a broadcast of NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision and NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision college football on ESPNU.
The series featured Isaak and several members of his band, Silvertone, portraying themselves.
Big Questions is an Australian television show which is produced and broadcast on the Nine Network, with Jules Lund as host.
It starred William Windom as John Monroe, a Thurber-like writer and cartoonist who works for a magazine closely resembling The New Yorker called The Manhattanite.
Four complete seasons aired, ending on February 8, 2010.
James Whitmore was nominated for a 2003 Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series for playing former Governor Bill Sterling, the senator's father.
also starred as the eponymous central character, a part-time mechanic at a muffler shop.
The Brighter Day was the first soap opera to air on network television with an explicitly religious theme.
It was directed by John Gorrie, who wrote episodes 7-10 with David Butler writing the remainder of the series.
At that point Initiative Productions and partners had produced 478 episodes, 26 of those especially for prime time.
Three episodes were compiled from the completed work and these episodes aired from July 9 to July 23, 2006.
Produced by Thirteen/WNET New York, Wall to Wall Media Limited, and PBS, the show placed fifteen modern day people in the context of 1867 Texas.
It is based on the novel Perfect Harmony by Barbara Wood.
It marks Klasky Csupo's second adult-oriented television series after The Simpsons.
After the defeat of Napoleon in 1814, Britain ended the practice; later conscription was not limited to the Royal Navy but covered all armed forces.
He went on to say, "Thanks for your Prayers for Bigg Marv.
It has also been broadcast in India, South Korea and Germany.
The minor characters are Boris and Bela, Tin Boy, Scarecrow Jr., Jack Pumpkinhead, Jr., Frank,, and Andrea, daughter of Glinda.
According to the Nielsen ratings, Magnum, P.I.
This left an unresolved cliffhanger from the second series, with the audience left unaware of whether Jack survived a car crash.
Each episode saw them frequently performing songs and involving the audience for some of their sketches.
The show began a successful run with the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation and then moved to Global Television in 1980.
The series would have taken place in the middle of Buffy season 1, as writer Jeph Loeb described the continuity as "Episode 7.5".
On September 2, 2002, an all night marathon of this show titled "Night of 1000 Toons" aired on Toon Disney.
A number of MGM cartoons from the 1930s were shown as well.
It aired on SBS from 12 June to 15 August 2004 on Saturdays and Sundays at 21:55 for 20 episodes.
The series was notable for its all-star cast: Leslie Uggams starred as Lillian Rogers Parks and Olivia Cole played her mother Maggie Rogers.
The show originally ended on March 23, 2009 but returned under the name "Ainori 2" on December 25, 2010.
Like many animated series created by Hanna-Barbera in the 1970s, the show contained a laugh track created by the studio.
bro'Town is heavy with popular culture references, and is based on the performance of the local four-man group The Naked Samoans.
The show starred Michael Praed and Jason Connery as two different incarnations of the title character.
After the show, the truck was driven to the home of the winner.
The series consisted of 26 episodes of 5 minutes duration.
In the CBBC show Horrible Histories, during Series 1 and 2, a parody of the show called Ready Steady Feast was one of the sketches.
He often found himself in trouble with the camp commandant, the pompous Colonel Harvey T. Blackwell.
The actor behind the digital Tench was Australian actor Drew Forsythe.
The series began as a three-part miniseries which was first broadcast in December 1986.
Cleese and Brooke-Taylor were also the programme editors.
The show included exclusive behind the scenes packages from the Idol show as well as live, in studio, performances by former Idols.
Originally it was a direct to video Series released by Carlton Home Entertainment UK in 2000, before becoming a series in 2005.
The programme was usually presented by Gavin Esler or Mishal Husain.
The actor David Rappaport was also a fixture playing the character "Shades", as was football legend Jimmy Greaves.
The programme is a three-part true lives documentary, presented by economist David McWilliams.
aired on BET and, afterward, on the Oxygen in 2003.
Monty Python's Fliegender Zirkus consisted of two 45-minute Monty Python German television comedy specials produced by WDR for West German television.
On September 20, the show was moved to 12:00 and the live audience was dropped.
Getting Played is a 2005 romantic comedy television film directed by David Silberg, starring Vivica A.
In addition to the series-spanning story arc, "monster of the week" episodes form roughly two-thirds of all episodes.
He-Man and the Masters of the Universe is an American animated television series produced by Filmation based on Mattel's toy line Masters of the Universe.
He claimed that after Dal won, he received a phone call from a reporter and he mentioned that counting cows wasn't actually part of his job.
Reruns continued to air until September 6, 1997.
Actor Jimmy Lydon, familiar as a juvenile lead in the 1940s, was cast as an Army captain.
The character first appeared in a series of sketches in the BBC Scotland show Naked Video
In Colombia, it was broadcast by Caracol TV.
As of 2010, it continues to hold on to the second-placed position in weekly Nielsen Ratings for daytime dramas.
The original series featured Susan Lucci as Erica Kane, one of daytime's most popular characters.
The series starred Bob Saget, Kat Dennings, Brie Larson, Riley Smith, Beau Wirick and Jerry Adler.
The program debuted on September 10, 2006, when the network inaugurated its Sunday prime time game package.
Gage only appeared as a supporting cast member in the first series but has a more significant role in the second.
The original series was executive-produced by Bullen with Granada's head of comedy Andy Harries, and produced by Christine Langan, Spencer Campbell and Emma Benson.
La Salle Catholic College Preparatory is a private co-ed Roman Catholic College Preparatory School in Milwaukie, Oregon, near Portland.
The format remained consistent throughout its run.
The show was based on the legend of Robin Hood, the English folk hero, and was filmed in Vilnius, Lithuania.
named the series the "number 1 reason the '90s ruled", and quotes from numerous episodes have become catchphrases in popular culture.
While actual infants played Bob, the effect to make him look like he was talking was achieved through computer editing.
Saturday Disney aired its final episode on 24 September 2016.
In addition, a television film, 24: Redemption, was broadcast between seasons six and seven, on November 23, 2008.
Concerning a small group of children on Jupiter's moon Io, the series ran for 13 episodes.
The series received a BAFTA Awards nomination for Best Drama Series, but was beaten to the award by Cold Feet.
Garth Marenghi's Darkplace is a British horror parody television series created for Channel 4 by Richard Ayoade and Matthew Holness.
All 29 episodes have now been released on DVD by Network DVD.
Produced in-house by BBC Scotland, initially in association with Sony Pictures Television International, the series debuted on BBC One in the UK in February 2004.
The series was a moderate ratings success and gained a loyal following.
The featured dinosaurs were designed by Paleo-artist and art director Mark Dubeau, noted for creating dinosaurs for many other Discovery Channel and National Geographic specials.
was an American reality television show that aired on the ABC television network from 1980 to 1984.
The Good Old Days is a BBC television light entertainment programme produced by Barney Colehan which ran from 1953 to 1983.
Kevin Hill is an American legal drama that aired on UPN during the 2004–2005 TV season.
The Disorderly Room was an early British television comedy production, written by Eric Blore and starring Tommy Handley.
The main MTV Cribs series restarted in September 2010 with repackaging and updates of its previous visits including such celebrities as Hanson, Twiggy Ramirez and others.
Seven Natural Wonders was a television series that was broadcast on BBC Two from 3 May to 20 June 2005.
The film is set in 2034, two years after the events of 2nd GIG.
The Proud Family Movie is a Disney Channel Original Movie which premiered on August 19, 2005.
and is currently the voice of W H Smith and Tesco adverts.
Michael Mann directed a film adaptation of the series, which was released on July 28, 2006.
On February 27, 2008, FOX announced that it had sold the rights to Trading Spouses to CMT, effectively ending the series.
Crashbox is known for many famous guest appearances, including voice acting from Ralph Macchio, Joyce DeWitt and Gilbert O'Sullivan.
Although only thirteen episodes were ever made, the show is one of CBBC's most repeated series, due to its popularity.
We're here to bring you more... More, on life."
It revolves around the title character, Dr. Meredith Grey, played by Ellen Pompeo.
The programme was written and created by Jennifer Saunders and Tanya Byron.
The ITV Evening News is the evening news bulletin on the British television network ITV.
It is billed as a major production from the makers of At the Threshold of an Era.
Pokémon: Mewtwo Returns, released in Japan as Pocket Monsters: Mewtwo!
Due to the popularity of this series, the producers re-launched the Nukkad brand in 1993 in a new modern "avatar".
Carl Crashman is a lazy 14-year-old who is only good at one thing: slacking.
The Yellow Rose is an American soap opera that was broadcast on NBC from October 2, 1983 until May 12, 1984.
Hey Joel is an American animated television series.
The Little Lulu Show is a Canadian/American animated television series based on the Marjorie Henderson Buell comic book character Little Lulu.
The series was produced by DePatie-Freleng Enterprises and was created by David H. DePatie and Friz Freleng in association with Joe Ruby and Ken Spears
The third season aired on Teletoon in 2007, and a feature-length movie version was released on DVD in 2008.
It revolves around the office workers employed at C.K.Law Firm, a fictional law firm located in Central, Hong Kong.
Pufnstuf, and Sigmund and the Sea Monsters.
However, no format changes took place with the change in the show's title.
Although Cold Pizza was simulcast on ESPN2HD, it was not produced or presented in high definition.
After the first season the show was renamed Nouvelle Star.
It is largely a youth-oriented program with musical performances as an integral part of each and every storyline.
After a stellar ratings debut, numbers for the program slipped after Global moved the program around its schedule multiple times.
The show is a contest to determine the best young singer in Russia.
It served as a late attempt to market the troll doll craze of the early 1990s to young boys.
The pilot episode was produced using cutout animation, leading to all subsequent episodes being produced with computer animation that emulated the cutout technique.
Emeril Live is a television program that aired on the Food Network from 1997 to 2007 and then The Cooking Channel from 2008 to 2010.
The Dudesons are a four-man stunt group from Finland.
Co-stars included veteran actor Joe Sawyer and actor Rand Brooks from Gone with the Wind fame.
The Travel Channel announced that season 9 would be the show's final season.
It aired in the U.S. on Sleuth, under the title Bury the Lead, to distinguish it from a CBS series with a similar name.
and in the People's Republic of China through CCTV-15.
The series received a number of awards, including several BAFTAs and in 2004 was voted sixth in the Britain's Best Sitcom poll.
The show's director, producer & actress Aruna Irani.
The set rotated to present a different interview setting.
Almost every major Latino celebrity and personality — Ricky Martin, Luis Miguel, Celia Cruz, Daddy Yankee, Shakira, Juanes — has been a regular television guest.
The series has been rebooted as Restaurant Takeover on Food Network Canada.
The show follows the adventures of the Looney Tunes character Taz in the fictional land of Tazmania.
The telenovela lasted 181 episodes and was distributed internationally by RCTV International.
Before Food Network settled on "Road Tasted", the show had the working title Two for the Road.
In 2013, TV Guide ranked The Carol Burnett Show number 17 on their list of the 60 Greatest Shows of All Time.
Produced by Baby Cow Productions, the programme commenced broadcast on BBC Two from 19 June 2006.
The show featured nine loveteams who competed through races and acting challenges.
The show is produced by FremantleMedia and has been sold to over sixty countries around the world, making it one of Australia's most successful media exports.
Reruns of the show are seen on Yes TV.
Together with the vain Defifé and the brilliant Masine, the series featured other colourful characters.
A pilot episode, entitled 'Making News', was screened on 9th May 1989 as part of Thames' anthology series Storyboard.
Degrassi Talks is a Canadian television series which aired in 1992.
90 on Entertainment Weekly's "New TV Classics" list in 2007.
Beyond that, we haven't figured it out yet."
The series aired from February 22, 1998 to February 14, 1999 airing alongside Tetsuwan Tantei Robotack.
She also struggles to win the respect of her fellow officers.
The film is about Dr. Gillian Hayes, a heart surgeon, and Lt. Tom Royko, an officer of the bomb squad.
The series is set in Fawlty Towers, a fictional hotel in the seaside town of Torquay on the "English Riviera".
It aired on both BBC1 and BBC2.
Jimmy Durante Presents the Lennon Sisters Hour is an American variety show that aired on ABC during the 1969-70 television season.
The show was a satirical parody of the original Sealab series, and the conventions of 1970s animated children's series generally.
One of the long-standing members was John G Nelson.
Mechannibals was a television game show aired on the British television channel BBC Two in 2005.
Roll Out is an American sitcom that aired Friday evenings on CBS during the 1973-1974 television season.
The main cast features Roger Kwok, Jessica Hsuan, and Leila Tong from the original series and new cast including Bosco Wong, and Paul Chun.
It was Toei Company Limited's eighteenth production of the Super Sentai television series.
It made extensive use of rendered images and a reconstruction of a turtle ship.
The BBC produced two audio dramas during 1998 and 1999 that feature original cast members and broadcast by Radio 4.
In the past, the presenting sponsors have been Polaroid, AT&T and Hampton Hotels.
The series began in 2001, and the most recent episode was made in 2007.
73 had included an inherent narrative storyline, the decision was taken that Motormouth would have a straightforward magazine presentation format.
Telly Addicts is a game show that aired on BBC1 from 3 September 1985 to 29 July 1998 and hosted by Noel Edmonds.
All episodes included listing the price of the purchase, the cost of renovation, and the market value of the "flipped" property.
Each episode began and ended with Sherratt inscribing his diary with his reflections on the series' scientific and cultural investigations.
The show features Sheindlin adjudicating real-life small claim disputes within a simulated courtroom set.
It is the fifteenth entry of the Super Sentai television series, following the previous series Chikyu Sentai Fiveman.
Its organiser was the Intervision, the network of Eastern Europe television stations.
The show's spin-off, Trivia Unwrapped, is a game show also hosted by Marc Summers.
It aired weekdays at 3:30 PM Eastern/2:30 PM Central.
In the UK, Five's digital channel Five USA showed the series daily at 6pm from 2 November 2009.
It centers on the adventures of an eight-year-old girl named Angela in the fictional town of Tapwater Springs.
Frequent and regular physical exercise boosts the immune system and helps prevent "diseases of affluence" such as cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and obesity.
The show is filmed at several notable Scottish attractions and locations.
The story-lines usually have a thin plot revolving around some intrigue and the sexual awakening of a girl or woman who often also narrates.
Simo Kurki hosted alongside Kuitto from 2013 to 2015.
The show features celebrities training for and then performing various circus acts.
Finally, the homeowners would be blindfolded with kitchen towels for the big reveal of the remodeling job- of which, all were pleased with the end results.
In the third and fourth series, Torchwood operate as fugitives.
The new titles were due to the Munch estate still owning copyright on the image of The Scream, as used on the original version.
From October 2006 the bulletin was presented by Eileen Whelan, following the departure of Anthony Murnane, who was with the programme from the beginning.
This TV series is starred with many Indonesia's top celebrities such as Tora Sudiro, and Cut Mini.
It consisted of 19 self-contained episodes, and was later released on DVD as a full-length movie.
It teaches the viewers, especially children because they are their target audience how to make simple, unique yet environment-friendly artworks.
The series' premise originated with Paul Attanasio, while David Shore, who is credited as creator, was primarily responsible for the conception of the title character.
The Jenny Jones Show was an American syndicated daytime tabloid talk show that was hosted by comedian/actress/singer Jenny Jones.
The host for the show is Singapore based Chinese-American actor Allan Wu.
Fernwood 2 Night was a comedic television program that ran daily from July 1977 to September 1977.
Hosted by Alexander Armstrong, it featured two teams of two players, one captained by David Mitchell and the other by Johnny Vaughan.
A total of six episodes aired when the show was running in 2002.
In October 2012, Davies announced that for personal reasons the show would enter indefinite hiatus.
This program should not be confused with a short-lived American sketch-comedy/variety series of the same name that ran 10 years earlier.
Recently, the show has been picked up and has begun to air in several European countries.
They are constantly beset by the evil machinations of Benita Bizarre, played by comedian Martha Raye.
Starting with this show, the Ultra Series heads in a notably different direction, slowly shifting from a sci-fi/mystery adventure to full-tilt superhero fantasy fare.
The Mitchell and Webb Situation is a British sketch comedy television show originally shown on Play UK in 2001.
Celebrities Under Pressure is a British game show that aired on ITV from 13 September 2003 to 7 August 2004.
Music videos are also shown to fill out time towards the end of the program.
Anne Frank Remembered is a 1995 documentary film by Jon Blair about the life of the diarist Anne Frank.
With the decline of the format, as of 2016, Spyder Games is the last new American soap opera to debut on a traditional TV network.
Night Tracks is an American television series which ran from 1983 to 1992 on SuperStation WTBS on late night weekends.
Filming primarily took place on the resort island of Namiseom and Seoul.
The American cable network Bravo picked up the series to begin airing in January 2004, including the six episodes never aired on Fox.
It was hosted by Thierry Ardisson and produced by Catherine Barma.
The show also utilizes several long-running "Easter egg" jokes throughout each season.
The cameras follow some of the main characters to Toronto, Los Angeles, Vancouver, Florida, California, Amsterdam and Las Vegas.
Dudgeon's character is the younger cousin of former lead character DCI Tom Barnaby.
The series was replaced by Jeff Global's Global Probe, which ended after six episodes.
It had 24 episodes, as has been typical of other TV "calendars" before and since The Julekalender.
After Words is an American television series on the C-SPAN2 network’s weekend programming schedule known as Book TV.
The first season was hosted by J. D. Roth, and the second season was hosted by Mario Lopez.
Shoot for the Stars is a game show created and produced by Bob Stewart, and aired on the NBC television network.
Executive produced by Carl Lindahl for the History Channel.
The series followed Henrietta "Hettie" Hubble,, through her years at Cackles Academy.
The main character Michael Fairclough is staying with the Garibaldi family for his French exchange, including his pen-pal Isabelle, her brother Alain, and their parents.
is a children's comedy drama which aired on CBBC between 2003 and 2006.
The series has been concluded on June 5, 2006.
Therefore, whether or not the series can be considered as an anime work is often discussed.
The last episode was 90 minutes, and ran in the "Saturday Night Live" time-slot.
Rent a Pocher was a German television show hosted by comedian Oliver Pocher.
One of the writers for the programme was Peter Algate.
It had an average viewership rating of 10.7% and reached a peak viewership of 11.6%.
The show premiered September 4, 2004 and ran for one season.
Club Reps was a factual entertainment programme made for ITV by STV Productions.
GZSZ launched several successful careers in the music industry.
The show was hosted by Spurlock, musician/TV host/model Willa Ford, musician Jive Jones, comedian Godfrey, and Hescher.
   Neil Weinberg, Forbes senior editor
It is the fourth longest running courtroom series behind Divorce Court, The People's Court, and Judge Judy, respectively.
This series has since been reformatted as Late Night with Conan O'Brien, Late Night with Jimmy Fallon and Late Night with Seth Meyers.
Scriptwriting was led by Timothy Findley, supported by Claude Harz and Graeme Woods.
Filemon Wesselink has tried several types of drugs during the shows and showed and told about the effects they had.
That means that it always aired after 10:00 pm, which was necessary given the show's heavy language and sexual innuendos.
The show's first 21 episodes could formerly be purchased individually by episode or as a set from online retailer Amazon.com.
The production was written by Alan Bennett and directed by John Schlesinger; Browne stars as herself.
The series featured a variety of different presenters and acts: story readings, puppet shows, songs.
Bus Life is an English mini-series that aired on Disney Channel in England from 2003-2004.
After the third season, Showtime cancelled the show, and the rights were purchased by Sci Fi Channel which continued the series for another season.
This led to the show receiving a renewal for a fourth series which aired from 6 January 2011.
Most episodes were directed by either Zalman King, Rafael Eisenman or both.
In 1997 when the show began, Mischa, Lindsay, Alexis and Marcus used a computer to surf the Internet to go behind the scenes of upcoming movies.
The main character Michael Fairclough is a young man from Northern Ireland who keeps a video diary whilst in France.
Space Top 10 Countdown is a TV show on the Canadian cable television channel Space.
The hurry-up offense is an American football offensive style, which has two different but related forms in which the offensive team avoids delays between plays.
Digital multicaster Justice Network currently shows reruns of the program.
It aired from September 24, 1999 to January 7, 2000.
The film was about the American War of 1812, when the Americans fought the British for the first time since the American Revolutionary War.
The American version of Brat Camp was cancelled after its one-season run, but is being aired in Canada on Slice as of early 2007.
There were two series made; each of seven episodes.
Game shows like Get the Picture and Nick Arcade had celebrity episodes starring some of the cast of Welcome Freshmen and Clarissa Explains It All.
Steve Coogan presents each episode as Dr.
ReGenesis is a Canadian television series produced by The Movie Network and Movie Central in conjunction with Shaftesbury Films.
Home Movies developed a cult following during its run, and is still considered a renowned cult show.
The Boeing 737-200 was flying from Hilo, Hawaii to Honolulu, Hawaii, when it experienced rapid decompression when a section of the fuselage was torn away.
Avatar: The Last Airbender is an American animated television series that aired for three seasons on Nickelodeon from 2005 to 2008.
Distribution rights to the series are licensed to Gyeonggi Digital Contents Agency.
It concentrates primarily on the scientific and social advances of the era, which bore the Industrial Revolution and set the standards for polite society today.
It succeeded The All Star Comedy Show, which was written by Reeves and Mortimer, and produced by Coogan.
The miniseries premiered on January 13, 2006 on The Movie Network.
The series revolves around Mouse Fitzgerald, nicknamed "Fitz", an alcoholic mouse who performs odd jobs so he can buy more beer.
Flip also created the role of Reverend Leroy, who was the minister of the Church of What's Happening Now!.
Twenty-six 12-minute episodes were made, two of which were never broadcast, each shot in a single take.
Garfield on the Town is a 1983 animated television special, directed by Phil Roman and based on the Garfield comic strip by Jim Davis.
The show's musical directors were Eric Wild and Winnifred Sim
Video footage of car chases, subsequent arrests, robberies, riots and other crimes appear on the show.
Let's Shop is a TV series starring Cheryll Gillespie, where she travels around the world to find the best shopping destinations.
The first two TV movies were shot in Vancouver, British Columbia, and the third was shot in Denver, Colorado.
The puppets would help out by opening the curtain to the screen on which various featurettes were shown.
Stuck Between a Wok and a Hard Place
Miracle Landing stars Connie Sellecca, Wayne Rogers, Ana Alicia and Nancy Kwan.
In July 2006, Brown announced that Passport to Europe had officially wrapped, and that Passport to Latin America would start filming in September 2006.
On July 21, 2001, Nickelodeon broadcast the made-for-TV special "All Growed Up" in celebration of the series' 10th anniversary.
Season 6 premiered on June 14, 2011 on A&E with the episode "Breaking Up Is Hard To Do."
For instance, four episodes premiered in 2006: Tino Martinez, David Cone, the Yankees' 1996 World Series team, and Billy Martin.
Its last production, an adaptation of Jean Cocteau's one-woman play The Human Voice starring Ingrid Bergman, was shown on May 4, 1967.
In the United States, it is distributed by Manga Entertainment and premiered on The CW's Saturday morning Kids WB block September 22, 2007.
It is a comedy show about alien felines helping mankind.
The Brown Hornet was a show-within-a-show on the Filmation animated series Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids from 1979 to approximately 1984.
It was first broadcast on 5 April 1966 and presented by "commentators" William Davis, Erskine B. Childers and Joe Roeber.
was supposed to have aired The Scorned on September 24, 2005, however, the film was delayed and had its premiere on Halloween later that year.
The plot focuses on the team working cases and on the personal lives of the characters, depicting the hardened life and statutory requirements of a profiler.
All five collaborated on the sixth episode, a tribute to deceased Python Graham Chapman.
The first three episodes were released on February 19, 2008 as Chaos and includes a behind-the-scenes featurette.
The 27th Annual American Music Awards were held on January 17, 2000.
Nancy Rennick and Mary K. Cleary each appeared in twenty-four episodes as Patty Johnson and Susan Johnson, the wife and daughter, respectively of Skip Johnson.
CTV and The N both pulled funding following the fourth season, and the execs chose to end the show.
In the asylum, Bani delivers twin babies, but Jai takes them away.
Growing Pains is an American television sitcom that aired on ABC from September 24, 1985, to April 25, 1992.
The series was conceived by Rockne S. O'Bannon and produced by The Jim Henson Company and Hallmark Entertainment.
The woman is murdered in the ensuing struggle.
is an American late-night talk show, created and hosted by Jimmy Kimmel, and broadcasts on ABC.
The writers conceived a new lead character Michael Santana, and brought on Steven Bauer to fill the role.
ABC regained the rights to the show in December 2016.
Famous people of the day like Hans and Lotte Hass were parodied.
In 1994, for its third-season premiere, the show moved to Monday at 8 pm.
The show's slogan is "under the tiara and behind the shades - a real life look at a fairy-tale family."
It premiered on January 17, 2005 with 10 episodes.
The series debuted on August 2, 2004, with high ratings throughout the show's entire run.
Weekend editions of the CBS Evening News weekends began in February 1966.
Since 2007 it was the national selection for Serbia's representative at the Eurovision Song Contest.
Sean's Show is a British television situation comedy, first broadcast on Channel 4 between 15 April 1992 and 29 December 1993.
It has also been used as the Macedonian national selections for the Eurovision Song Contest, since the late 1990s.
Season one started airing on the Inspiration Network in the summer of 2011 at 7:00 pm ET.
It was originally aired on the CBS network on February 1, 1974.
The show featured the extravagant lifestyles of wealthy entertainers, athletes and business moguls.
If any cast member on either team were caught smoking, their cast would lose the additional challenge.
Spirituality Shopper was a short lived British television series that ran on Channel 4 for 3 episodes in 2005.
Viewers have several hours following the broadcast of the show to vote by phone, SMS or online for their favourite contestant.
The Aquanauts is an American adventure/drama series that aired on CBS in the 1960-1961 season.
The series appeared on The Science Channel cable network.
The series was created by Tom Fontana and Julie Martin.
Chicago Hope is an American medical drama television series, created by David E. Kelley.
Produced by Tsuburaya Productions, this series aired on Tokyo Broadcasting System from April 7, 1973 to April 6, 1974, with a total of 53 episodes.
In 1998 and 1999, an English-subtitled version of the series was broadcast in the United States on the International Channel as "The Spirited Criminal Investigative Network".
Bani helplessly goes to Jai's office and begs him for money.
Based on this conversation, Atoosa eliminated 7 of the girls from the contest.
Much juvenile merchandise was released during the show's first run, including board games, novels, and comic books.
The Hollywood Palace was an hour-long American television variety show that was broadcast weekly on ABC from January 4, 1964, to February 7, 1970.
The film was the first under the Disney Channel Original Movie banner to produce a sequel, Zenon: The Zequel.
The show features men at proposals, weddings, anniversaries, birthdays, and other special celebrations.
The Mary Whitehouse Experience is a British topical sketch comedy show produced by the BBC in association with Spitting Image Productions.
It involved two teams of celebrities, competing against each other in wrestling style events.
ABC's Supermarket Sweep was broadcast from Food Fair supermarkets, mostly around New York City.
500 Nations is an eight-part documentary on the Native Americans of North and Central America.
The rights to the series is currently owned by SBS Broadcasting Group, and is distributed by Zodiak Media.
It was written by Richard Fegen and Andrew Norriss.
It was originally broadcast as a Hallmark Entertainment presentation on CBS on December 8, 1996.
It featured panelists Juan Williams, Howard Fineman, Ruth Conniff, James Warren, and Mona Charen.
It is an adaptation of the Channel 4 show Whose Line is it Anyway?.
The Even Stevens Movie is a 2003 American Disney Channel Original Movie that is based on the Disney Channel Original Series Even Stevens.
The producer for Disney was Bill Walsh and the screenplay was written by Jackson Gillis.
Though things are not always easy financially for the family, they keep the spirit up.
Additional material was provided by Paddy McGuinness.
It was produced and broadcast by Televisa in 1985.
The Pitts is an American sitcom that aired Sunday at 9:30 on Fox between March and April 2003.
has been nominated for numerous awards, most prominently three Primetime Emmy Awards and two Annie Awards.
At the same time, Brian Donlon left as executive producer of Cold Pizza and 1st & 10 and was replaced by SportsCenter veteran producer Mike McQuade.
Jackson made a final appearance for a presentation for the Museum of Broadcast Communications, "Saturday Morning with B.J.
Nerds 2.0.1: A Brief History of the Internet - a.k.a.
On 5 September 2009, the show celebrated its 1,000th episode.
Later... with Jools Holland is a contemporary British music television show hosted by Jools Holland.
It was recorded in two sessions on 20 July 2006 at the Lakeside Country Club, home of the World Professional Darts Championship.
Rentaghost was a British children's television comedy show, broadcast by the BBC between 6 January 1976 and 6 November 1984.
It stars Michael Gross, Alexis Arquette, and Hilary Swank.
It starred Seth Green, Josh Cooke, Shane McRae, and Todd Grinnell.
This show, consisting of 25 episodes, made its debut on 4 December 2006 and ended its run on 5 January 2007.
It was again revived on 25 July 2016 for the 2016 Summer Olympics.
The show was a revival of the earlier Carruthers production Second Chance, which was hosted by Jim Peck and aired on ABC during 1977.
A third season entitled, " Be The Creature 3", began in 2007, still airing on the same network.
Dexter is an American television crime drama mystery series that aired on Showtime from October 1, 2006, to September 22, 2013.
To date, it is the longest running Canadian late night talk show in history.
The filming locations were in Scottsdale and Phoenix, Arizona.
NBA Access was also a 30-minute real-life drama television series produced by NBA Entertainment that also chronicled the lives of larger-than-life NBA stars.
It is the second longest running foreign adaptation of Sesame Street without interruptions, behind only Sesamstraße.
It was made by Associated-Rediffusion and broadcast only in the London area.
The series starred George Cole as Henry Root, and Pat Heywood as his wife, Muriel.
The series started on the 14 January 2006 and ended on 9 March 2014.
In Portugal and Brazil, it is broadcast as O Caminho Antigo which is a direct translation for The Old Path.
Time Warp Trio is an American/Canadian animated television series based on the children's book series of the same name by Jon Scieszka.
Music stars Damhnait Doyle, Kevin Fox and Tom Cochrane accompanied Mercer to Camp Julien, where many of the troops live in large tents.
Potato Head Kids is an American animated television series that aired in 1985.
Receiving solid ratings during its six-year run, Green Acres was cancelled in 1971 as part of the "rural purge" by CBS.
In Australia limits of A$300,000 are common, in Las Vegas they are between US$150,000 and $300,000, and in Macau they are up to US$500,000.
A staple of 2000s American popular culture, the series has been the subject of critical analysis, controversy, and parody.
The other segments that compose this trilogy are Lippy the Lion & Hardy Har Har and Touché Turtle and Dum Dum.
It is originally aired every Tuesday at 10PM.
The revival episodes were filmed on stage 19 at Paramount Studios in Los Angeles.
Home and Away follows the lives and loves of the residents in Summer Bay, a fictional seaside town of New South Wales.
All Our Saturdays is a British sitcom starring Diana Dors that aired in 1973.
It was one of the world's first television news magazines aimed specifically at children.
Bromwell High is a British-Canadian adult animated series about a British high school in South London.
The main character is Snook the sloth.
Based on the format of the British The Kumars at No.
An extra feature of the movie was that it included a cameo appearance by Scleroderma Research Foundation founder Sharon Monsky.
The single series comprised six thirty-minute episodes starring Robin Driscoll, Rebecca Stevens, Pete McCarthy, and Tony Haase.
Repeats can usually be found days later on Channel 4's sister-channel E4 and/or 4seven.
Murder in the Heartland is a television miniseries that aired on ABC in 1993.
Due to the popularity of the show, it was picked up for a second series which began transmission on CITV from 6 November 2005.
Dancing with the Stars is an American dance competition television series that premiered on June 1, 2005, on ABC.
Two days later, the second episode aired in its regular Tuesday night time slot, following King of the Hill.
It started airing in 1990 as a late night show with comedian Antonio Sánchez "El Gangster" in WSTE-TV SuperSiete.
The Adventures of Superboy is a proposed TV series that was put into production in 1961.
Golaya Pravda also featured a weather presenter/ecdysiast and other reporters who bared their breasts completely.
For the final series, Katy's nephew, also called Mike, joined.
The show was a ratings success for VH1.
Originally distributed by Hanna-Barbera's then-parent company Taft Broadcasting, Warner Bros. Television currently holds the television distribution to the series.
The first competition involves memorization and spontaneous response in answering the question pictures within 3 seconds.
Gâteaux was misspelt as "Gâteux" for all scenes and captions within the series.
Son of Fred was the successor series to The Idiot Weekly, Price 2d and A Show Called Fred.
The voices were provided by popular comedian Griff Rhys Jones, who also sang the theme song as the Moon Man.
On 7 December 2009, it was announced that the show was planned to return in 2010 with a speculated run of 20 episodes.
On 25 October 2009, repeats of Big Night Out began running on TV channel Gold.
The announcers for the show were, respectively, Johnny Olson, Wayne Howell and Roger Tuttle.
The series is still regarded as one of the most faithful adaptations, and one of Filmation's finest overall efforts.
Leeza's timeslot often varied, as some stations aired the show in the morning while others aired it in the late-afternoon.
For the Irish show of the same name, see The Movie Show.
Mobius in the world of the Living Dead
The show was created by Barry Murray, who had formerly been Mungo Jerry's record producer, with assistance from Daniels.
In 1998, it, too, was canceled, along with CNN's Sunday edition of Crossfire.
This was followed by another remake as an audio drama in 2015 by Big Finish Productions.
Like Brainiac: Science Abuse before it, the show always ends with an item in which a caravan gets blown up.
The show was hosted by Annabelle Gurwitch and the Sklar Brothers.
It was originally aired on the CBS network on March 16, 1976.
The Lost Islands is an Australian television series.
Friedkin also dabbled in acting and appeared in two episodes in the first season.
Wicked Science is an Australian television series, which debuted on 2 July 2004.
The show debuted on January 11, 1993 and has since been considered as the flagship program of WWE.
The set was designed by Laura Brock.
The Simpsons Movie, a feature-length film, was released in theaters worldwide on July 27, 2007, and grossed over $527 million.
Then Cousins gets broken out of jail by his hoods, and fatally ambushes Merlin.
Originally the Brown Hornet was presented on a radio program by Cosby as an African-American version of the Green Hornet.
The film is of Russian origin and is in both English and Russian.
Jai finds out that Ganga is his daughter.
The Sales based the series on a 1938 short story written by Richard Sale.
The show was compered by Leonard Sachs, who introduced the acts from a desk situated at the side of the stage.
The show was broadcast on CBC Television and was produced at the network's Vancouver outlet, CBUT.
Scooby-Doo and the Ghoul School is a 1988 animated made-for-television film produced by Hanna-Barbera for syndication as part of the Hanna-Barbera Superstars 10 series.
Czterej pancerni i pies was a Polish black and white TV series based on the book by Janusz Przymanowski.
By the end of its run, the show was totally different from Friends.
Twenty years after its inception, Silent Witness continues to achieve good audience ratings; with the last series drawing in an average of nine million viewers.
She recently released her autobiography Dear Fatty, referring to Saunders, to whom she gave the nickname "Fatty".
The runners up were Naoimh and her partner, dancing tap.
The show since been released and available on iTunes and Xbox Live.
The episodes are shot in Turkey and Greece.
The 2-part 2005 series Extraterrestrial takes a similar scientific approach to the creation of speculative ecologies and the depiction of their inhabitants.
It was alternately sponsored by Swanson and Johnson Wax for the majority of its run.
It was launched on 14 September 1970 and ran until 13 October 2000, when it was controversially replaced by the BBC Ten O'Clock News.
It is often called "Hi Hi Puffy Club" in the west.
A second RTÉ adaptation of Aktenzeichen XY … ungelöst, the format matches that of its British derivative Crimewatch and re-enacts unsolved crimes.
Real Life with Jane Pauley began as an hour-long program aired on Tuesday nights in the summer of 1990.
At the Emmys, Ellen Burstyn, Bruce Dern, Mary Kay Place, and Sissy Spacek were all nominated for their recurring roles.
Reruns of this show ended in August 2014.
The residents of Hattytown were anthropomorphic hats.
Despite heavy promotion, initial ratings did not warrant the show being picked up for a second season when The WB network was folded into The CW.
Inside Edition is an American tabloid television newsmagazine that is distributed in first-run syndication by CBS Television Distribution.
The current presenting sponsor is Hampton's parent company, Hilton.
First broadcast on WNTA-TV in September 1959 as Rate the Records, within two months the format was changed, and an hour-long Saturday-night show was added.
It was a six-part series coming from many different perspectives of historical/social mysteries.
The Indoor League was created by Sid Waddell, who also produced the series from 1972 to 1976.
Austin has superhuman strength due to bionic implants and is employed as a secret agent by a fictional U.S. government office titled OSI.
The role of Judge Nicholas Marshall was played by actors Ramy Zada and Bruce Abbott.
They were already quite well known for their comedy stage show, Wogs out of Work.
She told Nash during a 1977 interview for the biography Dolly
The program efficiently covers all aspects of life in Egypt from politics, to arts, sports, cultural and economic issues, and even international affairs.
Screened by CBS, it tells the story of the wealthy Amberville family, who run their own publishing company in New York.
Both programmes are shown on BBC Two.
It has established a place not only in the hearts and minds of the Irish speaking public, but also the wider Irish audience.
On July 13, 2014, a successor premiered on CNN called The Hunt with John Walsh, which adds more international stories to its predecessor.
The show placed #74 on Entertainment Weekly's "New TV Classics" list.
In the late 1970s and early 1980s, several edited episodes of The Julie Andrews Hour were shown on syndicated stations throughout the United States as "specials".
The Mask of Janus is a British television series produced by the BBC in 1965, and starred Dinsdale Landen as counter espionage agent Richard Cadell.
Originally co-anchored by Liz Claman and Carl Quintanilla, Wake Up Call was hosted by Michelle Caruso-Cabrera, sometimes in conjunction with a guest host.
That episode featured an interview with Second Life founder and CEO Philip Rosedale amongst others.
Not long after the cancellation, the Seven Network announced plans to reinstate the series during the summer season, but nothing came of it.
Starring Arthur Askey, it was written by Dave Freeman and was made for the ITV network by ATV.
The series documents the live of animals and people at a zoo with a record of breeding endangered species.
Reruns later aired on The National Network.
The looks of King Arthur and his brother-in-arms Kai resemble contemporary rockstars.
The new identity features Xarabank as much more news oriented.
Hunt's character Janice was also performed by Henson and has a speaking role for the first time since Hunt's death.
It pits four teams of highly experienced military and police operatives against each other in physical challenges and "mission" scenarios.
Like many other television detectives of the time, Ho was something of a maverick, often using unorthodox methods to solve crimes.
Its namesake program also airs on ESPN Radio at various times of the day during the baseball season, with Marc Kestecher as host.
Take Me is the title of a 2001 British television drama miniseries on ITV, starring Robson Green and Beth Goddard.
The exit interview moved to The Ellen DeGeneres Show, hosted by DeGeneres, who was a judge that season.
The game is preceded by a 30-minute segment with Adnan Virk, Joey Galloway and Danny Kanell, all of whom also appear on the halftime report.
The story was written by famous author, dramatist, screenwriter, playwright and filmmaker Humayun Ahmed.
A number of guest pundits made regular appearances, including Rebecca Eisenberg, Rebecca Roberts, Kevin Surace, Adam Lashinsky, Janet Rae-Dupree and Jason Pontin from Red Herring magazine.
The show, a spoof of biographical documentary series such as Biography or Life and Times, starred Leslie Nielsen as host Terrence Brynne McKennie.
Phineas and Ferb is an American animated musical comedy television series.
Filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, the sketch comedy show blends politics and pop culture with humour and irreverence.
On February 25, 2015, Disney XD announced it would be reviving the series for a 2017 premiere.
The Nightmare Man is a science fiction and horror television serial, produced by the BBC in 1981.
Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel is a monthly sports newsmagazine on HBO that debuted on April 2, 1995.
Sportsnight was a midweek BBC television sports programme that ran from 1968 until 1997.
Filmation was the production company for the series.
Simply Ming is a television cooking show hosted by chef Ming Tsai that is produced by WGBH Boston and Ming East-West, LLC.
The show was canceled in its first season after 18 episodes.
They Might Be Giants contributed music to the show.
The show's aim is to provide laughter towards the audience by showcasing gags, sketches, and segments.
An estimated 17% of South Africa's population aged 15–49 have HIV/AIDS.
To that point, the daytime Sale and Scrabble had been hits while Time Machine and the syndicated Sale were relatively short lived.
The Dark Side of Porn is a documentary series that examines the adult entertainment industry.
A similar appearing puppet was Cecily's evil sister Cecile.
The Practice focused on the law firm of Robert Donnell and Associates.
The characters of Roger and Alfie were introduced in 2003 and 2005, played by Keiron Self and Rhodri Meilir.
Brian Donlon was the original executive producer of both Cold Pizza and 1st & 10.
Produced by WNET, Jeff Folmsbee served as Executive Producer.
The series revolves around the experiences of three girls, who form a club named "The Saddle Club" after recognizing their shared love for horse riding.
The episodes are narrated by a childhood friend, Joey "Ice Cream," whom the show depicts as an unreliable narrator.
The series follows three of the main characters from Only Fools and Horses; Boycie, his wife Marlene and their teenage son Tyler.
It celebrated its 4th anniversary with their anniversary episodes, which featured recent scandals and controversies that rocked the medical community.
It was originally presented by Roy Castle with Guinness World Records founders twin brothers Norris McWhirter and Ross McWhirter.
Frank's Place is the most recent show that ran for only one season that was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series.
The low ratings led to its cancellation in early 2007, even after an online petition that gained over 700,000 signatures.
Last Comic Standing is an American reality television talent competition show on NBC that aired from 2003 to 2010, then again in 2014 and 2015.
Another spin-off series, Rugrats Pre-School Daze, was considered, but only four episodes were produced.
The music was written and performed by Flo & Eddie of the rock group, The Turtles.
World Business was a weekly half hour features programme on CNBC presented by Raya Abirached.
De pura sangre is a Mexican telenovela produced by Ernesto Alonso for Televisa in 1985.
The Beachcombers is a Canadian comedy-drama television series that ran from October 1, 1972 to December 12, 1990.
One was the one-year series El Factor X: Batalla de las Estrellas.
Subject animals included the normal cats and dogs as well as horses, various birds and farm animals.
The show features pieces of classical music played while images of clowns, animals, and works of art are shown.
The film centers on a character named Ronnie Cordova, a funky martial artist and 1970s-style detective in a slick leisure suit, played by Soares.
The show's moderator since 2014 is Chuck Todd, who also serves as political director for NBC News.
Criss Angel: Mindfreak is an American reality TV show that aired on A&E from 2005 to 2010.
On February 14, 2011, it was moved to the Disney Junior block, serving as Playhouse Disney's replacement.
It is the fourth-longest running children's series in PBS history, after Arthur, Mister Rogers' Neighborhood and Sesame Street.
The show was later parodied as "Nozin' Aroun'" in the first episode of The Young Ones.
It aired live at 4PM weekdays and was initially hosted by John Majhor.
Also included on the DVD is the short film Iron Shoes, which is based on the Hellboy story of the same name.
The series was a spin-off of the long-running Canadian series Da Vinci's Inquest.
It was really bad for me, that TV show.
The most successful ones were Jeanette Biedermann and Yvonne Catterfeld, who both left the soap opera at the peak of their careers.
Halloweentown High is a 2004 Disney Channel Original Movie that premiered on Disney Channel on October 8, 2004 for the holiday of Halloween.
It originally aired on Hallmark Channel in 2003.
Actors Mario Valentić, Antonija Šola, Nada Rocco, Dejan Marcikić and Anita Berisha were the only remaining original cast members until the very last episode.
The series, like Behrendt's previous effort, specialized in dealing with couples and their relationship problems.
It ran for two series on ITV, from 1979 to 1980 and was an attempt at a TV version of The Burkiss Way.
While Lawrence's team crafted stories of real-world mystery and exploration, later writers used science fiction and paranormal plots.
It was broadcast in several countries throughout Latin America, North America and Europe.
The series theme song is "California, Here I Come."
It has also been shown on TV Denmark, Discovery Australia and Netflix in Canada.
The Baby Huey Show is a cartoon television show which ran in syndication during the 1994-95 and 1995-96 TV seasons.
In addition to the episodes, three movies, two special episodes, and nineteen shorts were made, with 3 award wins for the series as a whole.
The series aired from October 3, 2004, to December 8, 2008.
Author and tennis legend Björn Hellberg was promoted from contestant to permanent Oldsberg sidekick in 1995 after winning for four straight seasons.
The original plot revolved around Diana Sommer's dream to become a world class ice skater.
Creepy Canada is a Canadian television series that aired on OLN.
The two episodes contain Borat and Brüno segments from Ali G in da USA, along with new and unseen interviews and shenanigans.
Break in the Sun is a British television serial made by the BBC in 1981.
This program has shown live telecasts and helped police with 135 fugitives.
The later, which was filmed and produced in Australia, premiered on 22 July 2011 in the UK and Ireland.
Major League Baseball on ABC is the de facto title of a program that televises Major League Baseball games on the American Broadcasting Company.
Skeleton Warriors is a 13-episode cartoon series created by Landmark Entertainment Group, which originally aired in 1994–1995 on CBS.
The first series aired in March 2004 on CBBC and was presented by Jake Humphrey.
The other team then has to guess which is the correct definition, the other two being "bluffs".
They develop a relationship at the same time that Hugosian is suspected of being a serial killer that is roaming the city.
The show has been nominated for 17 Annie Awards and 12 Emmy Awards, winning seven of the former and six of the latter.
Nine of the twelve episodes produced aired on NBC before the program was canceled.
It began airing on August 6, 2006 with the Pro Football Hall of Fame Game, which opened that year's preseason.
7de Laan is a South African Afrikaans soap opera created by Danie Odendaal and produced by Danie Odendaal Productions.
From 1996 to October 4, 2013, episodes were live at the former timeslot, now occupied by The Five.
It is considered one of the best Telenovelas in the history of the television industry in Mexico.
The series represented the 30th Anniversary of the Kamen Rider Series.
Season 3 of the show introduced credit given to websites the clips are taken from.
It was actually filmed on location in the villages of Killoscully and Ballinahinch in County Tipperary, the title being a fusion of these two placenames.
Studio excerpts were shot in an abandoned hospital made into a TV studio in Glasgow.
Mum's on Strike was a daytime programme on ITV.
Twin Peaks was followed by a 1992 feature film, Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me, that serves as a prequel to the television series.
It was hosted, created and produced by Shadoe Stevens.
The serial has been cited as having influenced Stephen King and the film director John Carpenter.
Season 1 was produced for The History Channel by Greystone Communications and Season 2 was produced by Flight 33 Productions.
Frank Torley was well known as the narrator of the show, and also produced the show for 23 years.
In some cases, the actor may be asked to read a scene, in which another performer reads the lines of another character.
The opening theme is "Sweet Sixteen" sung by Hilary Duff.
Anne of Green Gables: The Continuing Story was a 2000 mini-series television film, and the third installment in a series of four films.
Characters are divided into "good" and "bad" ones, where a group of three young children as good, while three other children as bad boys.
The show was considered as a cross between Lassie and The Fugitive.
Revolving around a backpacker hostel in Kings Cross, the show followed the trials and tribulations on a group of young travellers from all around the world.
The show was created by Liz Sommers.
The main cast were Grant Dodwell as "Charles Willing", Shane Withington as "Abel Moore", and Rebecca Rigg as "Angela Reddy".
Episodes are available on the WWE Network.
Rafferty's Rules was an Australian television drama series which ran from 1987 to 1991 on the Seven Network.
In the series, Baron Cohen plays three unorthodox journalists — faux-streetwise poseur Ali G, Kazakh reporter Borat Sagdiyev, and gay Austrian fashion enthusiast Brüno Gehard.
It also aired as part of the Fox Kids lineup on Fox in the United States.
The series has spawned versions in other countries with the same TV format, including Canada and the United States.
network, episodes are usually updated to reflect the current life or status of the subject.
Huggins created the television show Maverick, which starred Garner, and he wanted to recapture that magic in a "modern day" detective setting.
Character actor John F. O'Donohue also appeared in every episode.
Later versions included Polish, Romanian, and Spanish versions of the show; however, these were later canceled by MTV to make way for European versions of TRL.
I Hate My Job is an American reality television series about young men abandoning their careers for the chance to pursue unfulfilled dreams.
Smith is thus the key to the story.
Sábado Al Mediodía, Hosted by Celines Toribio, Jimmy Nieves, Luis Velasco and later Birmania Rios.
The show was broadcast live and included a presenter and three guests, each with their own television and digital satellite receiver.
The 21st Annual American Music Awards were held on February 7, 1994.
Many of its cast members had previously worked together as part of The Second City's Toronto cast in 1998.
The Banana Splits Adventure Hour is an hour-long, packaged television variety program featuring The Banana Splits, a fictional rock band composed of four funny animal characters.
Since one or both teams' local TV rights holders also carry the games, the MLB Network feed is subject to local blackouts.
Uncle Dad was a children's sitcom on CITV in the UK.
Three series were broadcast from 14 January 1994 to 10 May 1996.
The show continued the 1960s Beat-Club under a new name, and in turn was replaced by Extratour.
Know Your Sport is an Irish sports quiz show produced by RTÉ between 8 October 1987 and 1 April 1998.
Shasta McNasty is an American sitcom that aired on UPN during the 1999–2000 season.
Syndicated episodes of previous series are regularly shown on UKTV G2/Dave.
The entire series is available to be streamed on Crackle in the US, along with several Minisodes.
These puppets featured a movable lip as opposed to moveable chin as in classical puppet design.
The program began in 1993 on KVOS, an American station that primarily targets the Vancouver market.
The only actor to return from the first film is Ruth Gordon as Minnie Castevet.
The show started as a special one-off Christmas special; however, because of its popularity, it spawned a regular series, a book and stage show.
The Mists of Avalon is a 2001 miniseries based on the 1983 novel of the same name by Marion Zimmer Bradley.
In 2003, the festival wasn't held in order to save money for the next year when Macedonia was going to particate in the Eurovision Song Contest.
It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown is a 1966 American prime time animated television special based on the comic strip Peanuts by Charles M. Schulz.
With so many dogcatchers chasing the dog, Dave and Blark mistook the dog for Earth's leader.
was based on a series of specials on Fox, entitled, Oops!
The series was created and executive produced by Gil Grant.
Sold at an affordable price, muscle cars are intended for street use and occasional drag racing.
Created by producer Stephen J. Cannell, it premiered as a two-hour pilot movie on March 18, 1981.
The special is a ghost story with a pirate theme, originally aired near Halloween and afterwards often played around the time of the holiday.
The show was split into two halves and ended with a final round.
However, the new 7T3 set-up was expensive and difficult to produce, and so it was decided to switch to a fully studio-based set-up.
Show participants attempted to run a ranch for two and a-half months using 19th century tools and techniques.
All characters in the Si Unyil are hand puppets with the physical appearances of ordinary Indonesian faces.
The series is an Indian version of the popular Argentine telenovela Muñeca brava that starred Natalia Oreiro in the main lead.
The show concentrates on various household subjects, such as cooking and gardening.
Previous presenters included Tasmin Lucia-Khan, Andy May, Matt Cooke, James Dagwell and Claudia-Liza Armah.
It was distributed internationally by RCTV International.
It was broadcast on NET from June 3, 1959 to June 30, 1960, with a total of 57 episodes divided into 7 segments.
Written by Kevin Cecil and Andy Riley, the programmes follow the adventures of Robbie, the son of Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer.
Although the show ended after its second season, a proposed third would have answered major questions, like the origin of the Beast Planet.
Mujer, casos de la vida real is an anthology telenovela produced by mexican television network Televisa for Canal de las Estrellas.
They consider who is likely to wear a garment and the situations in which it will be worn.
DuckTales is based on Uncle Scrooge and other Duck universe comic books, created by Carl Barks.
Launched during an explosion of reality television, the idea found something of a cult following.
6 in its list of the 101 Best Written TV Series of All Time.
The animation was produced by Mushi Production in Japan, with then-Mushi staffer Osamu Dezaki among the animation staff.
It was later shown in reruns under the new title Lazer Patrol on the Sci Fi Channel as part of Sci Fi Cartoon Quest.
The series was centered on Jesse Hawkes, an ex-Marine who started the High Mountain Rangers 35 years before the pilot.
Amor Real is a historical telenovela set in the Mexican post-independence period of the mid-19th century.
The programme was first aired by the First Soviet Channel on November 8, 1961.
It has been repeated many times since the original broadcast, as recently as 2009.
The animated segments were done by Aardman Animations and Catalyst Pictures.
It was originally broadcast in nine episodes on BBC Two in early 1996.
Bani regularly visits her children in school and Jai is ecstatic when he sees her.
Network Bounce TV has acquired the reruns from GSN.
Undercover Angels was a 2002 Australian television series produced by the Seven Network which imitated the American Charlie's Angels series.
is a Canadian travel documentary television series that premiered in 2004 and originally airs on OutTV in Canada.
Degrassi High is a Canadian CBC Television teen drama series that was produced from 1989 to 1991, and is the third series in the Degrassi franchise.
Gulong ng Palad is a Philippine radio drama series, which first aired by DZRH and soap opera hit from 1977 up to 1985.
Some pencil cases have a hard and rigid shell encasing the pens inside, while others use a softer material such as plastic, leather or cotton.
Many television critics compared the premise of the show to other Hanna-Barbera productions, such as Top Cat and Yogi Bear.
The series was hosted by actress Toby Robins who would later rise to fame as a panelist on Front Page Challenge.
22 on their list of 60 Best Series.
In 2008, taping of the show moved from Savannah to Food Network studios in New York City.
"The BBC Prison Study explores the social and psychological consequences of putting people in groups of unequal power.
Mi pequeña Soledad is a Mexican telenovela produced by Verónica Castro for Televisa in 1990.
Walking with Cavemen is a four-part television documentary series about human evolution produced by the BBC in the United Kingdom.
By 2002, Blue's Clues had received several awards for excellence in children's programming, educational software, and licensing, and had been nominated for nine Emmy Awards.
Peter Getzels is the co-creator and producer/director.
Guests would interact with each other and host Steve Allen, discussing philosophy, religion, history, science, and many other topics.
The series was produced with the full approval and cooperation of the United States Department of the Treasury.
has been adopted into the English language, while The Simpsons has influenced many adult-oriented animated sitcoms.
Pronita first tortures Meera mentally but Meera soon figures out that Pronita is Bani herself.
In 2004 the show came 47th on the BBC's Britain's Best Sitcom poll, and all series have been released on DVD.
He also interviewed in-studio guests and had various contests and giveaways.
Most episodes focused on environmental issues such as pollution, wildlife endangerment, and forest preservation.
Your heartbeat will go up as you wait for the host to confirm whether you get to the right answer.
The show is airing on National Geographic Wild.
The film premiered on NBC on October 31, 1978, and also received a theatrical release in the United Kingdom.
The series had a rotating cast, with only a small number of cast members appearing throughout the series' run.
The aftershow programme on ITV2, called Celebrity Wrestling: Bring It On was presented by Jack Osbourne and Holly Willoughby.
For the show's final season which began October 3, 2008, the series was renamed Air Farce—Final Flight!.
31 in TV Guide Magazine's 60 Best Series of All Time.
TV Patrol Panay is the local news program of the ABS-CBN Regional Network Group in Iloilo City.
It was hosted by Bobby Brown, Gloria Estefan and Wynonna Judd.
The 23rd Annual American Music Awards were held on January 29, 1996.
It was the first half-hour, completely computer-animated TV series.
In other countries including Israel the show was successfully aired and got tremendous feedback.
The programme was recorded between 10 December and 15 December 2006 at Three Mills Studios in Bow, London.
Murun Buchstansangur was a series of animated shorts produced by Bevanfield Films for the TV station Channel 4 in the United Kingdom.
Just Legal is a television courtroom drama that stars Don Johnson and Jay Baruchel as two courtroom lawyers in Venice, California.
The series features William Katt as teacher Ralph Hinkley, Robert Culp as FBI agent Bill Maxwell, and Connie Sellecca as lawyer Pam Davidson.
The series stars Sam Robards, Brynn Thayer, Leon Russom and Andrew Cassese.
The group of women is narrowed down to five via a three-round fight between house mates set up by the head trainer.
7 on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time.
Episodes numbers 25 to 32 were recorded in black and white because of the ITV Colour Strike.
The first series was written by Talbot Rothwell, a scriptwriter for the Carry On films, and the second series by Rothwell and Sid Colin.
It was directed by Alain Chartrand, one of the couple's sons.
Lucien's friends include environment-friendly Tony Parsons and Mari and Luke Harrison.
Insomniac with Dave Attell is a television show on Comedy Central hosted by comedian Dave Attell which ran from August 5, 2001 until November 11, 2004.
They have renovated in locations as distant from each other as Toronto, Halifax, Winnipeg, Ottawa, Montreal, New York, Montgomery, Orlando, Atlanta, New Orleans, Chicago and Milwaukee.
It was the first morning newscast to air on a Fox-owned station, having launched on August 1, 1988.
All six series are available on DVD in both Region 1 and Region 2.
The show revolves around four boys—Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, Eric Cartman, and Kenny McCormick—and their bizarre adventures in and around the titular Colorado town.
It was also the first Filmation series to feature the Lou Scheimer "signature" credit.
The program has been shown in reruns on the Discovery Home Channel in the United States, TLC in Canada and Discovery Real Time in Asia.
House of Cosbys is an American animated sitcom created by Justin Roiland for the film festival Channel 101.
Most of the restaurants involved in the series were located in the Greater Toronto Area.
All of the gay men pretended to be straight.
The show, while featuring real martial arts by trained martial artists, depicted a fantasy setting using fictional episodic stories, with each episode relating a life lesson.
The format of the show was a roundtable discussion among four sports media personalities, with one regular host and three rotating guests.
Kontrobersyal is a news journal hosted by Boy Abunda on ABS-CBN in the Philippines from 2003 to 2006.
Real World/Road Rules Challenge: The Gauntlet 2 is the 11th season of the MTV reality game show, The Challenge.
It's Magic, Charlie Brown is the 21st prime-time animated TV special based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts, by Charles M. Schulz.
It premiered on September 18, 1987 and ended on November 28, 1990 with a total of four seasons and 100 episodes.
Elwood Glover had hosted noon-time programming on CBC Radio from 1956.
North ends the episode with the tagline, "his/hers/theirs is a war story, that deserves to be told".
The series was produced by Thames Television for the ITV network.
Virginia is on the verge of dropping out of university.
The series starred real-life brothers Shawn and Marlon Wayans.
Filming began in March 2004, and the series premiered in September to 2.49 million American viewers.
The series travels around Australia to discover its multicultural culinary delights, encompassing five series so far.
The Thirteenth Year is a 1999 comedy-drama Disney Channel Original Movie.
Most of the episodes follow a simple pattern.
Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer is a Canadian–American animated Christmas special, directed by Phil Roman.
The series was first published in 1985 with a set of 30 stories, and there are now over 300.
The show consisted of girls pledging to become part of a sorority.
My Three Sons chronicles the life of widower and aeronautical engineer Steven Douglas as he raises his three sons.
Degrassi: The Next Generation has been a critical success and has often received favourable reviews from Entertainment Weekly, The New York Times and AfterElton.com.
It is hosted by actor and conservationist Jeff Corwin from The Jeff Corwin Experience.
It is still broadcasting in reruns on the Clan channel of the Televisión Española network in Spain.
Airplanes come in a variety of sizes, shapes, and wing configurations.
End Day is a 2005 docu-drama produced by the BBC.
As can be surmised from the title, the program was sponsored by the Kaiser Aluminum Company.
Roger Moore, who played Beau Maverick in the original series, never appeared in Young Maverick.
Based on the Cuban radionovela of the same name written by Félix B. Caignet adapted for TV by Fernanda Villeli and directed by Raúl Araiza.
They were later moved to second place for drinking their emergency water supply in accordance with the race rules.
Its theme song is "Love and Marriage" by Sammy Cahn and Jimmy Van Heusen, performed by Frank Sinatra from the 1955 television production Our Town.
They also spoofed Dudley Moore, usually as his character Arthur Bach from the 1981 film Arthur.
NBA Wednesday is occasionally preempted by ACC Wednesday or other college basketball doubleheaders, as well as Wednesday Night Baseball.
The show was first aired on April 18, 1983, the day The Disney Channel was launched.
In 2000, however, the premiere of a new reality show shifted the program to the 11:30 p.m. slot, which lasted for about four months.
Everwood is an American drama television series created by Greg Berlanti.
Hosted by Kara Scott, commentary by Paul Magriel and John Clark.
The winner of the 2007 series was Kyal Marsh.
Misfits of Science is an American superhero fantasy television series that aired on NBC from October 1985 to February 1986.
It is directed and produced by The Muppet's creator Jim Henson.
In Spain, TVE2 started broadcasting the second series in April 2007.
The show was hosted by Jochen Busse.
Chicago Story is an NBC drama that aired in the spring of 1982.
Charlie O'Donnell announced during the third week and was replaced by Bob Hilton for the remainder of the series.
El Desprecio is a Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and seen on Venezuela's Radio Caracas Televisión.
The last new episode first aired on December 29, 1999 in the United Kingdom, and was broadcast on the Sci Fi Channel on February 4, 2000.
It included segments such as The Whip, On the Rise, and Segment 7.
First shown on the BBC from January to March 1967, it was the second series in the Trumptonshire trilogy, which comprised Camberwick Green, Trumpton and Chigley.
Wowowin is a Philippine afternoon variety show presented by Willie Revillame and broadcast by GMA Network.
The series contains many realistic elements relating to the life of a woman in today's modern society, particularly in Hong Kong.
Hosted by Mistress Juliya, it served as a slightly more subtle incarnation of the popular Uranium and even coexisted with it under the same host.
According to the ratings, Big Day turned out to be a ratings disappointment.
Dobie Gillis broke ground by depicting elements of the counterculture, particularly the Beat Generation, primarily embodied in a stereotypical version of the "beatnik".
The show is notable for its setting and messages about family obligations and loyalty.
Reruns aired on GSN from April 3 to September 25, 1999.
The first three seasons aired on Fox, and the final two on E!.
It was presented by Chris Packham, and examined the possibility of the existence of cryptozoological creatures.
The series premiered on September 8, 1995 on Disney Channel.
The Critic had 23 episodes produced, first broadcast on ABC in 1994, and finishing its original run on Fox in 1995.
Interpol Calling was a 1959 Rank Organisation and Jack Wrather Productions television crime drama series for ITC Entertainment.
Animal Tails is an American television variety show for teenage animal lovers.
Hanna-Barbera dismissed creator Peter Lawrence in 1996 and hired new producers to finish the show.
It aired every week-day for 40 years until its cancellation on February 25, 2005.
NBC Sunday Night Football is a weekly television broadcast of National Football League games on NBC in the United States.
As a result, none of its 147 episodes are believed to have survived.
The series was an anthology programme: a collection of self-contained stories about acts of resistance in occupied Europe during the Second World War.
Springwatch, Autumnwatch and Winterwatch are annual BBC television series which chart the fortunes of British wildlife during the changing of the seasons in the United Kingdom.
Doc Martin is a British television medical comedy drama series starring Martin Clunes in the title role.
Many of the show's cast went on to star in the Christian radio series, Adventures in Odyssey.
Size Small is based off a predecessor series, Miss Helen's Kindergarten Party, dating back to the late 1950s on CFQC-TV in Saskatoon.
Camp Wilder is an American television sitcom which aired on ABC from September 18, 1992 until February 26, 1993.
However, the majority of the stories were adapted from short stories that originally didn't have anything to do with the fictional city.
There were no VHS or DVD releases of the show, but a few episodes have surfaced online.
Barker Bill did not appear in cartoons, but was briefly featured in a newspaper comic strip series.
The series was later aired in reruns on USA Cartoon Express, Nickelodeon, Cartoon Network, and Boomerang.
The hosts and show creators are award-winning journalists Anna Wallner and Kristina Matisic.
The live performances still happen weekly, although new episodes of the Comedy at Club 54 TV show have not been aired since 2002.
Its format is that of a roundtable featuring the show's moderator between two to four Washington-based journalists.
Madman of the People is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from 1994 to 1995.
Friends received acclaim throughout its run, becoming one of the most popular television shows of all time.
A sequel series, Fuller House, premiered on Netflix on February 26, 2016.
Wowowee was a Philippine noon time variety show broadcast by ABS-CBN.
David Walliams hosted a Christmas Special for ITV on 24 December 2016.
Senda Prohibida is the first telenovela produced in Mexico.
In 2004 Desi DNA received the Best Lifestyle Programme award from the Royal Television Society.
The series concluded with an hour-long Christmas special that aired on December 23, 2010, at 9 pm ET/PT on Showcase.
Carrusel is a Mexican children's telenovela produced by Valentín Pimstein for Televisa in 1989.
The principal cast included Jack Smethurst, Rudolph Walker, Nina Baden-Semper and Kate Williams.
Hog Man's Pork n' Bean Emporium – A strange man sells pork n' beans from a drive-up window.
Father Murphy is an American western drama series that aired on the NBC network from November 3, 1981 to September 18, 1983.
The series was aimed at a teenage audience.
The Winter of Our Discontent is a 1983 made-for-TV movie directed by Waris Hussein based on the novel of the same name by John Steinbeck.
Originally it was to be called Six of One, which Barker planned to follow up with another series called Half Dozen of the Other.
The series is set in Puzzleopolis, a town inhabited by walking, talking sponge-balls, dice, magic wands, playing cards and rabbits, where the protagonists must solve puzzles.
Two families and their dogs competed for prizes in games and stunts oriented toward the dogs.
On 17 September 2010, it became the world's longest-running TV soap opera in production.
Kenny was not seen, as the camera was from his point of view.
is a Food Network television series featuring the nuptial cuisine of diverse cultures.
Taz-Mania is an American cartoon sitcom produced by Warner Bros.
The show is produced by Steve Ryde, who also produced CBBC's Dick and Dom in Da Bungalow and its subsequent spin off, Harry Batt.
However, these claims turned out to be false considering that all the mentioned books have been published post the air date of Skyland's final episode.
The show premiered on October 4, 2006, and aired six episodes for the first season, with the last original episode airing on November 8, 2006.
It was originally hosted by Simon Mayo then hosted by Phillip Schofield.
In some cases, stories were expanded from Rendell's original material or elements from a number of stories were woven together into one episode.
Monsterpiece Theater is a recurring segment on the American version of the popular children's television series Sesame Street, a parody of Masterpiece Theatre.
is a relationship game show that first aired in limited syndication from January 22 to March 8, 1996.
At one stage, the show was given the green light for an evening version to be made.
The half-hour-long show premiered on July 21, 1996, and was first hosted by Craig Kilborn until December 17, 1998.
The foxes' attempts to get the better of the chickens are often unsuccessful, but they add a lot of humour to the show.
The show debuted on August 30, 1993, and was produced by Letterman's production company, Worldwide Pants Incorporated and CBS Television Studios.
The show featured two stories per episode and the beginning of each story briefly showed the author demonstrating their writing.
Colby has the entire Bible programmed into his memory.
Kimmel left in 2000 and was replaced by Nancy Pimental, who co-hosted the program through 2001.
physician is too overwhelmed or unequipped to handle the caseload but cannot transfer responsibility for the patient(s) to someone else.
In the US, both seasons can be purchased as downloads from Amazon Video, and in Scotland the first season can be watched on YouTube.
Ryan Cayabyab, Pilita Corrales and Francis Magalona were also judges of the show.
True Life is an American documentary television series that has been airing on MTV since March 31, 1998.
It features the glove puppet characters Sooty, Sweep and Soo, and follows them in their many mischievous adventures.
But the changes could not stop the falling ratings and in 1981, after 110 episodes, Charlie's Angels was cancelled after five seasons.
Nevertheless, RTÉ continue to rerun the series as summer filler.
The series was developed for the network by William Asher and Harry Ackerman for Ashmont Productions and Screen Gems.
In each episode Lamprey samples various food and drinks and learns about the customs and libations of that area, and then experiences the local hangover cure.
Critical reception to The Secret Service remains mixed: when compared to the Andersons' previous series, verdicts range from "the forgotten gem" to "the one flop".
The Marvel Super Heroes is an American / Canadian animated television series starring five comic-book superheroes from Marvel Comics.
It was rated TV-Y7 for fantasy violence and scenes deemed too scary or disturbing for younger viewers in the United States.
The host was Allen Ludden, and the series was sponsored by local supermarkets.
Glenview High is an Australian television drama series produced by the Reg Grundy Organisation for the Seven Network between 1977 and 1978.
However, the series was recently released for viewing on Noggin's new paid-subscription service.
Hush is an American animated cartoon produced in 1960 and appearing in syndication, beginning on 24 September 1960.
This was followed by the opening sequence, audience applause, and the show's theme song, played by an in-house band.
Spanning over 31 episodes, series focuses on the lead character Aiyue's love relationships.
Both Pig Sty and Platypus Man were canceled in July 1995.
The soap is produced by Joop van den Ende and to date over 5,000 episodes have been broadcast.
Soon the ratings soared and the show became the most widely viewed news program in Russia.
This was also done to guide viewers towards which product or service may best suit their needs.
The production was an unusually large project for the national network, especially during budget cutbacks.
The show's title alludes to the widely quoted statement by Sir Francis Bacon, "Knowledge is power".
TSN no longer airs regional-only games of this nature.
The show was created by Donald P. Bellisario and lasted four seasons.
In December 2010 he sold the channel to BBC Worldwide.
While remaining "extraordinarily conservative", Scarborough became more critical of President George W. Bush and some of his policies before the show ended in 2007.
The series revolved around the lives of the camp's management and entertainers, most of them struggling actors or has-beens.
Her husband, John Cusimano, usually accompanies her at the one or two restaurants she visits per episode.
The program had started out as a pilot episode, recorded in early 1984 with the actor Chris Haywood in the lead role.
Its first two seasons aired from April 2003 to December 2004.
SAST was the first television venue for Marc Weiner's "head puppet" comedy sketches.
The Herculoids is an American Saturday-morning animated-cartoon television series, created and designed by Alex Toth, that was produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions.
The programme was transmitted throughout the Anglia region: Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, Cambridgeshire, Northamptonshire, Bedfordshire, Hertfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Lincolnshire and south and east Yorkshire.
Each episode had an "acknowledgement" to the U.N.C.L.E.
It has been dubbed in English and shown on History Channel under the title Rising of Great Powers.
It consisted of mostly logic puzzles and brain teasers.
I'm real happy poetry is on television.
In addition to hosting a movie with a live audience, they also performed original sketch comedy routines.
Working It Out is an American sitcom starring Jane Curtin and Stephen Collins that aired on NBC from August 22 to December 12, 1990.
It received favorable reviews and several award nominations, and won five ASCAP Awards and one Gracie Allen Award.
Part of David Attenborough's 'Life' series, it was preceded by The Life of Birds, and followed by Life in the Undergrowth.
The show was also a huge ratings success, receiving 9.5 million viewers after moving to BBC One in 2005.
Brown as Marnie, and the last film in the series to feature the character of Sophie.
The series is believed to be lost.
This replaced the first hour of Morning Call, which aired one hour later and had its airtime reduced in half.
The cast featured Ernie Coombs as Mr. Dressup, who would follow with his own landmark television series.
It used to air on Cartoon Network in Urdu in Pakistan.
The series also features a number of tracks by Californian hip hop group Ugly Duckling.
It premiered on Teletoon on April 15, 2001.
Mission Implausible is a television series on Sky One featuring Jason Plato and Tania Zaetta.
On October 20, 2006, it was reported that NBC ordered 10 additional episodes of 1 vs. 100, citing the show's encouraging ratings performance.
The first season aired in a half-hour format.
Then George W expanded the axis of evil to include Cuba, Syria and Libya.
Jeeves and Wooster is a British comedy-drama series adapted by Clive Exton from P. G. Wodehouse's "Jeeves" stories.
Buster's interests include eating anything, reading comic books, and playing video games.
Set in Stockholm, the show revolves around the low-budget radio station NileCity 105,6 and its staff as well as a number of related characters.
On March 19, 2007, they became the official hosts of Playhouse Disney.
The telethon aired at 8 p.m. Eastern and Pacific Time, and was seen live in the Eastern and Central time zones.
Al Qahera Al Youm is a live television talk show that broadcasts nearly throughout the year from the 6th of October studios located in Cairo.
Larry King Live is an American talk show that was hosted by Larry King on CNN from 1985 to 2010.
The show was a part of ABC's early TGIF programming block.
As Dolly's career became more popular than ever, during the late 1970s and into the early 1980s, Dolly!
It was hosted by journalist Kirsi Salo.
This show was one of the first children's shows in the UK to reflect urban living.
In 2013, TV Guide ranked it No.
Here, Pat had a family for the first time.
Jeroen van Koningsbrugge is the only new member to remain with the Llamas until the end.
It shares many similarities with the 1986 adaptation of The Fly, and was conceived by Ray Cannella, Manager of Program Acquisition for the Syfy Channel.
The Early Show ended its twelve-year run on January 6, 2012, replaced three days later on January 9 by CBS This Morning.
WABC is the flagship station of ABC Radio Networks, which syndicates the show nationally.
3 lbs was an American drama that aired on CBS from November 14 to November 28, 2006, replacing the cancelled series Smith.
The latest edition of Look North is also available to watch on the BBC iPlayer.
In syndication, Atom Ant aired alongside Precious Pupp and The Hillbilly Bears.
A Current Affair is an American television newsmagazine that aired in syndication from July 1986 to 1996 before reappearing briefly in March 2005.
The show's purpose was also conveyed by the recurring bad guy, le Furotte, who always mumbled incoherently.
The show explored themes of Native poverty, alcoholism, cultural preservation, conflict over land settlements, and natural resource exploitation.
The series currently airs on the Science Channel.
Terr'ble Thompson was a six-year-old boy who imagined himself to be the "Hero of Hist'ry" and freely travelled back in time to assist historical figures.
A puppet cuckoo called Vera was voiced by Steve Nallon.
Gadget Boy is assisted by the beautiful and resourceful agent Heather, a very tall equivalent of sorts to Penny.
It was originally produced by Associated British Corporation.
Celebrity Wrestling was a British television programme, broadcast on ITV in 2005.
From 1999 to 2003, the show was sponsored by Tizer and Ribena.
Its action footage was used in Power Rangers Turbo.
The series was a casualty of the BBC's wiping policy of the era and none of the 30 episodes are believed to have survived.
In order to avoid that error, Andrews asked producer Nick Vanoff what the premise of the show would be about.
is a 1993 American animated television film based on the 1960s series, The Flintstones and its spinoff, The Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm Show.
It is loosely based upon the character Emmanuelle created by Emmanuelle Arsan in the 1960s and featured in dozens of softcore films over the years.
The programme was originally presented by former political correspondent Michael Crow until his departure from the station in January 2009.
Their designs are judged, and one or more designers are eliminated each week.
The Extraordinary was an Australian television documentary series that featured stories of the paranormal and supernatural.
The series has received generally positive reception and won four awards.
Sex, Love & Secrets aired in the timeslot that belonged to Veronica Mars during the 2004–2005 television season; 9–10 p.m. on Tuesday nights.
The series was produced and broadcast in a period of great controversy for the BBC.
It was also nominated for an Emmy Award in its first season for Outstanding Drama Series.
Life in the Freezer is a BBC nature documentary series written and presented by David Attenborough, first transmitted in the United Kingdom from 18 November 1993.
Hrvatski Idol is the Croatian version of Pop Idol.
The first aired episode reflected the original plan, and covering the first half-hour of a date.
The cast includes Helen Shaver, Kip Gilman, Erik Kilpatrick, and Lara Parker.
Each group is asked a question, and the first member of the group who answers the question correctly progresses to the second round.
Bernstein usually mentioned the various theories that exist on the subject, although the episode may not have explored all of them.
Within the series are several sub-series, such as Autopsy, Real Sex, and Taxicab Confessions.
The program was canceled after the first season due to its inflating budget.
The stories often centre on Jonny's school life, where he and his best friend Pam are constantly in battle with the dreadful twins Ginny and Josie.
Emily Maitlis was the original presenter of the programme.
Choose Up Sides was a children's television game show that aired on NBC Saturday mornings from January 7 to March 31, 1956.
Sabado Al Mediodia, a variety and entertainment show that was the number-one-rated local Spanish TV program on Univision's New York affiliate, WXTV-41, from 1995-2000.
The show's writing was grounded in improvisation, and often lampooned current events stories.
Reruns of the show will resume on Disney Channel on August 5, 2017.
In February 2015, BBC One announced the show would end after series 12.
The entire series is available on Hotstar.
Madelyne Woods also served as hostess for a short time.
When the pilot was originally filmed Dylan McDermott played Dr. Doug Hanson, and Reiko Aylesworth played Dr. Adrienne Holland.
The show's popularity helped Dick Clark become an American media mogul and inspired similar long-running music programs, such as Soul Train and Top of the Pops.
It is not known if the show is ever likely to return.
Since series 2, Simmons seems not to be planning any more series yet due to commitments with KISS.
Laurence Olivier Presents is a British television series made by Granada Television which ran from 1976 to 1978.
The show ran on Broadway until May 2003, and won a 2003 Tony Award for Best Special Theatrical Event.
Helen Hunt, in an early role, played Prentiss' pre-teen daughter, Jill.
On June 9, 2016, MTV announced that Wild 'n Out had been renewed for an eighth season, which premiered on August 4, 2016.
The show also aired simultaneously on The Filipino Channel.
Oh well, I guess everything will be okay."
As with The Governor & J.J. and Get Smart, it was produced by Talent Associates.
It is a reality-game show that is hosted by an animated anthropomorphic dog named Ruff Ruffman who dispenses challenges to the show's real-life contestants.
The show was released on DVD on August 15, 2006.
The series was originally broadcast from 1999 to 2010, before transitioning into its current Big Build format, also presented by Knowles.
Among the productions included in the strand were the first ever television presentations of Lewis Carroll's works Alice Through the Looking-Glass and Alice in Wonderland.
The entire series takes place in a continuing flashback.
The show airs on weekdays from 5:00 AM to 8:00 AM.
The series includes 82 episodes, two one-hour specials, and one half-hour special which was never aired.
In 2010, CBS and Warner Bros. Television reached a multiyear broadcasting agreement for the series, renewing it through at least the 2011–12 season.
ESPNews Gametime is a news/analysis and up to the minute highlight show that airs on ESPNews.
Hylands hörna was a Swedish talk show presented by Lennart Hyland.
The other panellists were either comedians or well known television personalities.
Often, the crime and persons involved highlighted a unique feature of that community.
She also noted that the season three DVD would contain a "mini wrap-up" feature for the series.
The series was produced for television by Baby Cow Productions, and screened on BBC Two.
The series experienced a number of production difficulties, and Ellison broke with the project before the airing of its first episode.
"El Poder de Saber" is The More You Know's sister campaign on Telemundo.
The series was produced by Screen Gems, the production company behind shows such as Gidget, Bewitched, and I Dream of Jeannie.
Both versions were produced by Telemundo Studios Miami.
Over its run, the show explored a number of themes; prominent among these were existentialism, homosexual and bisexual relationships, and explorations of human corruptibility.
Deutschland sucht den Superstar is a German reality talent show.
It ran through four seasons where stand-up comedians and performers came together and showed their comedy skills to judges, live audience and people.
Spider-Man: The New Animated Series is an American-Canadian animated television series based on the Marvel comic book superhero character Spider-Man.
He also played a gangster-villain role in two episodes and appeared in a third show as himself in a humorous cameo.
and features Bro and Bro, two English wolves who featured regularly in the aforementioned show.
The series aired from December 2, 2003 to August 5, 2007.
David Sontag had had a lunch meeting in New York City with Paul Klein, the head of programming at NBC.
Mary Kay and Johnny is an American situation comedy starring real-life married couple Mary Kay and Johnny Stearns.
About Anglia was a regional news magazine programme produced by Anglia Television in the east of England.
Ghostwatch has never been repeated on UK television.
Some pencil cases double as make up bags.
On Bani's first wedding anniversary, it is revealed that Pia is expecting Jai's child.
The Funny Side is an American sketch comedy program that aired on NBC as part of its 1971 fall lineup.
More recently, it became a "special event" documentary that airs every time a larger, more long-term special report went into making.
Twice a Fortnight is a 1967 British sketch comedy television series with Terry Jones, Michael Palin, Graeme Garden, Bill Oddie, Jonathan Lynn and Tony Buffery.
Tittybangbang is a female-led television sketch comedy, performed by Lucy Montgomery and Debbie Chazen, which ran between 2005 and 2007 on BBC Three.
In 2006, Daniel Mananta replaced Irgi as the main host and Dewi Sandra replaced Ata in 2008.
The remaining episodes aired over the following four consecutive Thursdays, with the finale on March 1, 2007.
The team investigate the phenomena, trying to determine if the stones of the building are acting as a recording medium for past events.
Open All Hours ranked eighth in the 2004 Britain's Best Sitcom poll.
Episodes of the series featured crossovers featuring Captain Marvel from companion series, Shazam!).
I Want To Be a Hilton is a 2005 weekly NBC reality television series that was hosted by Kathy Hilton.
A similar show that premiered later on The Disney Channel was Donald Duck Presents.
Until 2009, new episodes aired five nights a week; from 2009 to 2012, the Friday episode was a rebroadcast of a recent episode.
The major cast members included Iain Cuthbertson, Gareth Thomas, Moultrie Kelsall, Victor Carin, Martin Cochrane, Maev Alexander and Edith MacArthur.
Every night, King interviewed one or more prominent individuals, usually celebrities, politicians and businesspeople.
The programme can be watched in any part of the UK on digital satellite channel 972 on the BBC UK regional TV on satellite service.
Each actor's portrayal differs, but all represent stages in the life of the same character and form a single narrative.
Viewers were able to make decisions interactively at the same time as the studio players.
A total of 55 episodes were produced.
The program was launched in September, 2001, with Charles Adler as host.
Another round featured a film of someone speaking a very obscure UK dialect, and the teams would have to try to guess what had been said.
With a run of 43 years, it was the longest running children's television program in American history.
Contrary to the previous Inferno shows, the Lifesaver competitions have been limited to gender-only winners.
The series premiered on Sunday, August 11, 1991, as the second Nicktoon after Doug and preceding The Ren & Stimpy Show.
The Jennie Project is a Disney Channel Original Movie that was released in the summer of 2001.
Blue's Clues became the highest-rated show for preschoolers on American commercial television and was critical to Nickelodeon's growth.
The series lasted 12 episodes, the winner being decided by online voters.
The sitcom proved to be a subversion of others of the era, which were often based on bland middle-class suburban family life.
The pilot aired on January 31, 1988, following ABC's coverage of Super Bowl XXII.
The Granny, Boot, and Pretty puppets are now housed at the Canadian Museum of Civilization.
Maricarmen Regueiro and Flavio Caballero starred as the main protagonists with Flor Nuñez as the main antagonist.
The show started in 2004 and was aired on the Canadian Space Channel.
In this way, American Juniors more closely resembled the British series S Club Search, which had produced the group S Club Juniors.
Turkstar is notable for being the only Idol franchise to have featured a singing duo.
However, despite the American Broadcasting Company purchasing thirty-nine episodes, they screened only five before cancelling the run in November 1958.
Conceived and co-written by Trix Worrell, and produced by Charlie Hanson and Humphrey Barclay, this series starred Norman Beaton as barber Desmond Ambrose.
Fan Pan Tae is a knowledge-enhancing game of personal interests.
Some older female characters were performed by males, in pantomime dame style.
Other notable actors included Tony Caunter, Billie Whitelaw, Billy Murray and Mark Wingett.
Film actor Taylor Lautner made a memorable appearance in the show, putting on an exhibition of his Martial Arts skills.
The series is now in its eighth season, produced by David Wolfman and directed for the last 5 seasons by Sidney M. Cohen.
Originally Wizadora was used as an English language tool for non English speakers.
A pencil case can also contain a variety of other stationery such as sharpeners, pens, glue sticks, erasers, scissors and rulers.
The final episode aired on 11 December 2010.
It was nominated in 2000 for the Humanitas Prize as Children's Live-Action Category.
It was produced by ATV for the ITV network.
It ran for 17 episodes on Sunday mornings from September 9 to December 30, 1967, on the American TV network ABC.
It was created by Larry David and Jerry Seinfeld, the latter starring as a fictionalized version of himself.
By 2006, there were independently produced versions, or "co-productions", of Sesame Street broadcast in twenty countries.
The show was very popular in 2004, with an audience of more than 3.5 million people and a large amount of media attention.
It originated from a 15-minute radio comedy segment, broadcast as part of the Primus programme on Radio Sarajevo's channel two during the early 1980s.
With Ludwika Paleta and Osvaldo Benavides are co-protagonists, while Itatí Cantoral is main antagonist.
Also featured was a womanizing Argentine sock puppet named Señor Sock that had bought several Thighmasters because he was madly in love with Suzanne Somers.
The series aired in the United States, once again changing its name.
The 2001 series featured the episodes Knife and Wife, Orcadia, Daydream Believers: Brand New Beamer and Jimmy Carr's World of…Corporate Videos featuring Jimmy Carr.
Pak Raden represents a hard working man with a rugged face and strong Javanese background who always wears a traditional Javanese suit.
It follows 1988's Pumpkinhead and 1994's Pumpkinhead II: Blood Wings.
Family Challenge is an American game show that aired on The Family Channel from October 2, 1995 to September 7, 1997, lasting for two seasons.
The actor ends the segment by saying, "And that's One to Grow On."
Spitting Image is a British satirical puppet show, created by Peter Fluck, Roger Law and Martin Lambie-Nairn.
Minga and Petraca are from the Santurce area of San Juan.
The show was dedicated to hard rock and heavy metal music videos, and showcased a variety of well and lesser known artists.
The Punk Show is a half hour video block that aired on Thursdays at midnight and Fridays at 4:00 AM on MuchMusic and MuchLOUD.
It depicts an insight of meaningful values of everyday family life.
The programmes were originally broadcast on BBC1 between 1969 and 1972, followed by a special episode which was broadcast in 1974.
   Tom Adkins, RE/MAX Fairlawn agent and former head of Common Conservatives
It is hosted by 'Chudd Chudders' and 'The Earl'.
It is produced by Temple Street Productions in association with CTVglobemedia and CBS Paramount International TV.
Jungle Cubs is an American animated series produced by Disney for ABC in 1996.
Flight from Death is a documentary film that investigates the relationship of human violence to fear of death, as related to subconscious influences.
Pakkun Eiken is a quiz where Patrick Harlan defines a certain word in English, after which contestants must produce the word in question.
Grecia Colmenares and Víctor Cámara starred as the main protagonists with Chony Fuentes, Alberto Marín and Nohely Arteaga as the main antagonists.
The Hollywood Connection is an American game show that ran in syndication from September 5, 1977 to March 3, 1978.
The production team was known as Ghost of Your Ex-Boyfriend Productions, an amalgamation of John Safran's Ex-Boyfriend Productions, and Richard Lowenstein's Ghost Productions.
The show follows the adventures of Francine "Franny" Fantootsie as she tries on various pairs of shoes and travels to different places in the world.
The show began as a 60-minute special titled The Brady Bunch Variety Hour on November 28, 1976.
Writers for the show were Mark Farrell, Christian Murray, Tim Steeves and Greg Thomey.
Chopper Squad is an Australian television series produced by the Reg Grundy Organisation for the 0-10 Network.
You Lucky Dog is a 1998 Disney Channel Original Movie, first aired on June 27, 1998.
The female announcers have been featured in almost every medium including television newspapers and magazines, and as guests on multiple radio shows including Howard Stern.
Recent editions are available to view and download for a limited time through the BBC iPlayer.
Zenon: Girl of the 21st Century is a 1999 Disney Channel Original Movie, starring Kirsten Storms as the eponymous heroine, and directed by Kenneth Johnson.
Show on Cartoon Network in November 5, 1995, making it the only short to be featured on both creator-guided short projects guided by Fred Seibert.
Campbell Live was a half-hour-long New Zealand current affairs programme Monday–Friday at 7.00pm, on TV3 and was hosted by John Campbell.
Starhunter is a Canadian science fiction television series that aired for two seasons.
Threads is a 1984 British television drama jointly produced by the BBC, Nine Network and Western-World Television Inc.
Samantha is the first in the series of An American Girl films.
Moser's script for the pilot was printed as an appendix in Teleplay; an introduction to television writing by Coles Trapnell.
Allan recruited a fellow journalist, Francis Hitching, as producer.
He and his German shepherd dog, Rin Tin Tin, helped the soldiers to establish order in the American West.
When Dinosaurs Roamed America premiered to 5 million viewers.
The series premiered on HBO in 1996 and ended in 2002.
It featured many Australian actors of the time in guest roles.
It was made by Associated-Rediffusion during 1956 and was broadcast only in the London area.
Executive creative director Mark Itkowitz came up with the name MDA Show of Strength, and it quickly gained internal approval.
The series was filmed in March 2006 at Channel 4's studios in Horseferry Road, Westminster.
It enjoyed a tremendous growth in popularity and quickly eclipsed its rival, Le Bébête Show.
Yetta is a stereotypical interfering, middle-aged Jewish mother who died suddenly after choking on a chicken bone.
The show aired regularly from 1989 to 1999.
It was the first series on The N to deal with such a subject relating to the primary characters.
The original version of I've Got a Secret premiered on June 19, 1952, on CBS and ran until April 3, 1967.
It is held in a different European city each year, however the same city can host the contest more than once.
The film was Shirley Booth's final acting credit as she retired from acting after its completion.
Dramatic tension arises from conflicts between the contestants, often related to jealousy and competition.
These sketches were played into a game show featuring children answering questions based on the sketches.
The puppies featured in the Puppy Bowl are from shelters.
Muscle car is an American term used to refer to a variety of high-performance automobiles.
After the clue, the panel had one last chance to guess the identity, followed by the celebrity revealing their true identity.
After the trip was over Michael Palin wrote a book about the journey and his experiences.
K-9 to 5 is an American television program about dogs with jobs.
The show follows the lives of the members of the Carlin family as they adjust to moving from Ohio to Los Angeles, California.
Each episode was extended to 60 minutes from the original 30.
Viewers from the participating countries are invited to vote for their favourite performances by televote and a national jury from each participating country also vote.
Matlock Police is an Australian television police drama series made by Crawford Productions for the 0-10 Network between 1971 and 1976.
The Chaser election specials are a number of Australian political satire based comedy programs produced by The Chaser.
Aqua Heroes is a twenty episode modern series by Television Broadcasts Limited in Hong Kong.
Sumerball is produce by Hard 2 Guard productions and edited by Phat Sumo media.
Players started with 50,000 in tournament chips and play continued until one player had all 300,000.
heute is a television news program on the German channel ZDF.
The series stars Zhao Wei, Ruby Lin, Leo Ku, and Alec Su, reuniting Zhao, Lin and Su after the 1998-1999 smash hit My Fair Princess.
It was also shown in Toronto, Ontario, Canada on CFMT channel 47 and in Asia on Star Plus during the 1990s.
Its theme tune is based on a song by Lead Belly, named "Ha-Ha This A Way", sung by Daniels.
It takes place in Houston, Texas and focuses on the work of the Houston Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
Three new awards were introduced this year.
A new episode of War Stories with Oliver North was aired on Friday, March 25, 2016.
Meet the Press is a weekly American television news/interview program broadcast on NBC.
"Weather Wise" still airs on TWN as a brief segment every 26 minutes after the hour.
Judge Judy is a long-running American arbitration-based reality court show presided over by Judge Judy Sheindlin, a retired Manhattan family court judge.
The Joker's Wild is an American television game show that aired at different times during the 1970s through the 1990s.
It originally aired in 2005 as a movie on Global in Canada.
In 1954, Billboard voted it the second best filmed network television drama series.
Other characters were also created with brightly colored fur and unorthodox names like Gwonk, Wogster and Rark.
Boku dake no Madonna, sometimes shortened to BokuMado, is a drama series that aired in Japan on Fuji TV in 2003.
In 2012, YTV stopped airing reruns in Canada, and its Canadian reruns were moved over to Nickelodeon and BBC Kids since then.
It was broadcast from Studio C at Pacific Quay Studios in Glasgow, using the same set as Reporting Scotland.
Robin et Stella was aired three times a week.
Never the Twain is a British sitcom that ran for eleven series from 7 September 1981 to 9 October 1991.
It was first broadcast in the United States on December 3, 2000, on the Syfy Channel.
Unyil or Si Unyil is a longtime Indonesian children's television series, started in 1981 on the TVRI, the Indonesian national television company, for 12 years.
I Wanna Be a Soap Star is a reality television series which debuted on the cable channel SOAPnet in 2004.
Sunday in 2006, featuring 20 cases from the series including follow-ups with the families and interviews with the doctors involved.
The film was directed and written by film historians Kevin Brownlow and David Gill.
• 2011: Mrs. Claus made her first appearance at the Toronto Santa Claus Parade
The lot officially became Samuel Goldwyn Studio and remained so until Warner Brothers purchased the site in 1980, naming it Warner Hollywood Studios.
The show is a spin-off from Tom & Jerry Kids and ran from September 11, 1993 to August 8, 1994 for 13 episodes.
IP Australia, a supporter of the program, describes it as a way for Australian inventions to gain publicity and possible entrance into the mass market.
Also, during the week they were assisted by singing and dancing teachers, stylists, costume designers, personal trainers, etc.
The Skatebirds is a 60-minute Saturday morning live-action/animated package program produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions and broadcast on CBS from September 10, 1977 to January 21, 1978.
Cheryl Casone hosted from September 2009 until January 2013.
Wet Gold is a 1984 television movie starring actress-model Brooke Shields.
Reruns of the show are often aired on TV Land, MeTV, and SundanceTV, while the complete series is available on DVD.
In 2004, it came 12th in the poll for Britain's Best Sitcom.
At the end of each show, the live studio audience is invited to come onto the floor and dance.
The audience creates endings to short, professionally produced story-starters.
It also examines the challenges faced by the crew and reveals some of the techniques used to film the series.
The show is presented by Lorne Spicer, who can also be seen on daytime show Money Spinners and recently on BBC's My Life For Sale.
Since 1995, the program's weekday broadcasts have been anchored by Deborah Norville.
Sealab 2021 is an American animated television series created by Adam Reed and Matt Thompson.
In addition to being the longest-running Brazilian sitcom, the show it is considered one of the most popular comedy shows in Brazil.
It had a much more serious tone than Safran's previous work Music Jamboree.
Set in a world of anthropomophic dinosaurs, brothers Bernie, Bruno, Bubba, Buck and Bugsy were born with special powers to help fight crime.
It also aired, in Quebec, on Télétoon.
ESPN has rights to any potential tiebreaker games and one of the two wild card games.
They included Julia Pérez, Maria Gracia Bianchi, Ingrid Bolaw, Gudelia Castillo, Liduvina Ramírez, the twins Jeanette and Zayda Garcia, and Elizabeth Flores Gil.
The concept of the show was taken from one of the tasks Nikki undertook while in the Big Brother House.
The Weird Al Show was an American short-lived television show hosted by "Weird Al" Yankovic.
The series is directed by Matt Lipsey and produced by Ted Dowd.
The show has become a cult television hit around the world.
The pilot originally aired on 3 January 1988, and the first series of episodes followed on 4 September 1988.
The 2015-2016 season is regarded as the 14th season for the series.
Tiangco reprises her role as the host/narrator.
It was aired both on the Globovisión 24-hour television news network and Radio Caracas Radio network until 2013.
The series is filmed at Epitome's studios in Toronto, Ontario, rather than on the real De Grassi Street from which the franchise takes its name.
The show incorporates all of South Africa's 11 national languages, including Afrikaans, English, Zulu, Xhosa, Swazi, Ndebele, Sesotho, Northern Sotho, Tsonga, Tswana and Venda.
The programme is broadcast from MediaCityUK in Salford Quays on the banks of the Manchester Ship Canal in Greater Manchester.
They performed their own songs or showed off their own talents.
Beginning in May 2017, GMA Network uploaded the full episodes of Mulawin in their youtube page.
Medical relief scenes were filmed in Kenya, Africa.
Diana and Julian eventually became a couple, but in November 2007, Julian suffered a brain hemorrhage and died during their wedding.
Weekend editions of Today began with the launch of the Sunday edition of the program on September 20, 1987.
The show frequently contained swearing, sexual innuendo and nudity, and because of this it was usually shown late at night.
The title is taken from a lyric of Dylan's 1965 hit single, "Like a Rolling Stone".
title, however, Nickelodeon did air some episodes under the Science International title.
Patricia Manterola and Juan Soler starred as the protagonists, while Alejandra Ávalos, Roberto Ballesteros and Fabián Robles starred as the antagonists.
Balamory is a Scottish live action television series on British television for pre-school children, about a fictional small island community called Balamory in Scotland.
Sábado Gigante was a Spanish-language television program that was broadcast by Univision in the United States.
It has remained in varying degrees on the network's website, but is no longer shown on television.
Starting 2003, Comic Relief Does Fame Academy saw celebrities singing as students of the Academy with proceeds from the phone votes being donated to the charity.
Zep was assisted by Professor Spiro who was also replaced in series two by Professor Vana.
The show remained in the top four for six of its nine seasons, and in the top twenty for eight seasons.
Other regulars on the program were Tanya Bulmer and Kym Gyngell who engaged in pre-recorded external and on-the-street interviews.
The Ledger is an old-fashioned newspaper, and Slap is an old-fashioned man, who composes his "Slap Shots" column on a typewriter.
Though both Divorce Court and The People's Court have suffered cancellation(s) and shifting arbitrators, Judge Mathis has not.
The revamped The Queen Latifah Show debuted September 16, 2013, and was renewed for a second season in January 2014.
The annual Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York City, the world's largest parade, is presented by the U.S.-based department store chain Macy's.
Although NBC originally agreed to a 26-week run, the network canceled Mindreaders after 22 weeks.
In an interview with TV Guide, host Dave Foley said that a ninth tournament is not being produced, as Bravo did not order any new episodes.
While The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy runs for six seasons, Evil Con Carne only runs fourteen episodes and ended on October 22, 2004.
Ghost Whisperer is an American television supernatural drama series, which ran on CBS from September 23, 2005, to May 21, 2010.
The series finale aired unexpectedly without any ceremony on November 28, 2015, with the last number one on the show belonging to Drake's "Hotline Bling".
The show was prefaced with the franchise's second film, Turbo: A Power Rangers Movie.
It was broadcast live from the Much broadcasting studio on 299 Queen Street West in Toronto.
The series was re-released in a condensed feature-length film in the mid-1990s by Toho.
Guest hosts included Johnny Bell, Nzinga Blake, and Kendis Gibson.
The series featured an ensemble cast and was primarily filmed in and around Vancouver, BC, Canada.
It was produced by Solomon, Chapman and Claire Prieto, and directed by Solomon.
Alexander the Greatest is a British sitcom that aired on ITV from 1971 to 1972.
Animal Stories is a British pre-school animated television series.
Before and after pictures are shown with an overview of the major features of the new garden.
It is one of the longest running drama shows in Hong Kong television history.
Within a year of its debut, the original version became the number one game show in daytime television; however, as viewing habits changed, the ratings declined.
It consisted of a round up of stories from the BBC's various local news programmes where it had not initially been possible to show regional variations.
The narrator usually speaks explicitly to the viewers and to the characters as well.
It also stars Jenny Seagrove as the barrister Jo Mills QC, frequently the object of Deed's desire.
King Arthur and the Knights of Justice is an American cartoon series produced by Golden Films, C&D and Bohbot Entertainment.
(pause at the end of the third line)
The show was hosted by Steven O'Donnell, Angie Richards, and Charlotte Connell.
The show sparked several spin-offs including Viva La Bam, Wildboyz, Homewrecker, Dr. Steve-O, Nitro Circus, and Blastazoid.
The Zimmer Twins is a Canadian animated series and website.
The show starred Gary Conway and special guest star Kurt Kasznar.
HIJK in turn splits into H and IJK.
The series was unusual in that Jason and Morrow would play the lead in alternating episodes.
The series aired Monday to Friday at 18:00.
The animated series is in a distinct reboot separate from the original live-action show.
The series was shown between 1978 and 1980 and dealt with the German occupation of Guernsey, one of the Channel Islands, during the Second World War.
On October 7, 2003, it was later released on DVD by Universal Studios Home Entertainment.
A total of 18 half-hour episodes were produced over one season.
It was anchored by Paula Zahn and Anderson Cooper at its inception.
The series has also won several BAFTA awards.
I Want a Dog for Christmas, Charlie Brown is one of the Peanuts made-for-television specials.
The executive producer is Sara Ford and the series producer is Miles Barton.
The latest edition of East Midlands Today is also available to watch on the BBC iPlayer.
The show aired from September 25, 1998 to July 9, 1999.
Waddell would later go on to become one of the voices of darts on television when the World Championship was created in 1978.
The player chooses a case or a box to knock an amount of money off the board.
The show is produced by RTR in association with FBI Music & FremantleMedia.
In spite of this, the series is still fondly remembered by fans.
Creators Mark V. Olsen and Will Scheffer won the Writers Guild of America Award for Television: Episodic Drama.
Tsuburaya and Bandai held a contest for children to pick a new name for this Ultraman.
After this series, Tsuburaya has since focused on domestic productions.
The series consist of three episodes, with title My Happiest Years, The Great Director and Hidden Treasures.
Notable people connected with the series were actors Desmond Llewelyn and Arthur English and directors Jack Cardiff, Stephen Frears, Michael Apted and David Hemmings.
[1] The show's announcer was Charlie O'Donnell.
It was co-produced by Berlanti-Liddell Productions, in association with Warner Bros. Television.
From 2002 onwards, the show was simulcast on television on the YES Network.
The show portrays childhood versions of the Muppets living together in a nursery under the care of a human woman called Nanny.
The series had two spinoffs, Exiled and The Real Deal, which have both ended their run by 2010.
It followed the earlier series The Computer Programme.
A total of 14 episodes of Eyes on the Prize were produced in two separate parts.
Camp Midnite was a Friday late night, ninety-minute variety/talk show on the USA Network in 1989.
Galaxy High is an American-Japanese science fiction animated series that premiered on September 13, 1986 on CBS and ran for 13 episodes until December 6, 1986.
The program follows real people seeking actual jobs, and the stories of the employers and potential employees.
First of the Summer Wine is a British sitcom written by Roy Clarke that aired on BBC1.
Discussion of major issues and interviews with big names from across the range of arts, business and culture will offer insight and provoke debate.
Car Crazy is a Velocity Channel television series about automotive enthusiasts, hosted by Barry Meguiar, President and CEO of the Meguiar's car care product empire.
The music was composed by Christopher Franke.
The series is often repeated on ITV3.
Glenroe centred on the lives of the people living in the fictional rural village of the same name in County Wicklow.
Twenty-four episodes of the show were broadcast in the 1971–1972 season on the NBC network's Sunday night schedule, under the sponsorship of Procter & Gamble.
The revived Winchell program was a Nielsen ratings disaster and was cancelled after only six broadcasts.
The show was based on the novel House Party by Patrick Dennis.
In 1963, Rainsberry persuaded Fred Rogers to take to the airwaves.
It stars Dean Cain and Kristine Byers.
An airplane or aeroplane is a powered, fixed-wing aircraft that is propelled forward by thrust from a jet engine or propeller.
Several episodes of the series state that all marks have been genuinely hoodwinked, and that any money lost is returned to them after filming.
Estefanía is a popular Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and broadcast on Venezuela's Radio Caracas Televisión in 1979.
Open Mike with Mike Bullard featured two or three panel guests and one musical or comedy performance nightly.
However, as of 2017, no film has been released.
A fifth series began airing on 13 April 2012 and ended on 18 May 2012.
Occasionally, scenes were filmed on location in New York City.
Dark Oracle is a Canadian-produced TV series that premiered in 2004 on the popular Canadian channel YTV.
It debuted on 30 March 1997 and was screened as five thirty-minute episodes each week.
The series is distributed by CBS Television Distribution.
Enemy at the Door is a British television drama series made by London Weekend Television for ITV.
The show revolves around contestants competing to identify accurate pricing of merchandise to win cash and prizes.
The series ran on the Ten Network from 5 August 2001 to 29 September 2002.
In the United States, NBC broadcast Strange Report from 8 January 1971, to 10 September 1971.
SportsCentury is an ESPN biography program that reviews the people and athletic events that defined sports in North America throughout the 20th and 21st centuries.
"If there is one chance out of a 1000 to succeed, rush failing the 999 first tries."
It became one of PBS Kids most popular series on the line-up since Barney & Friends and Sesame Street.
Your Business is a small business oriented program on MSNBC, hosted by JJ Ramberg.
Iron Chef USA appeared on the UPN television network in 2001.
The show was aired in over 100 countries and in March 2012 Genie in the House also aired on the Starz Kids & Family cable network.
The series ran from 1960-1965 on ABC, and moved to CBS until its end on April 13, 1972.
The BAFTA and Emmy Award-winning programme debuted on Channel 4 in 2004.
High School Musical is a 2006 American teen/romantic comedy musical television film and the first installment in the High School Musical trilogy.
In each episode Matt James visits a home located in the city, which usually contains a dilapidated and/or tiny garden area that needs major renovation.
This is the first Super Sentai Series to be released in North America.
It was produced by Quincy Jones-David Salzman Entertainment and Telepictures Productions and was distributed by Warner Bros. Television Distribution.
Some international channels airing Floricienta are TVE International, Disney Channel Latino, and Disney Channel Europe.
The show premiered on Food Network on April 16, 2005.
The Pretender 2001 was the first of the two The Pretender telemovies to air after the series was cancelled from the NBC.
On February 5, 2014, USA Network confirmed that the eighth season of Psych would be its last, with the series finale airing on March 26, 2014.
Although a spin-off of Dallas, the concept predates that series, and was initially rebuffed by CBS in 1977, as the network wanted something more "saga-like".
Télématin is a French breakfast television news show, broadcast on France 2 since January 7, 1985.
Blue's Clues is an American children's television series that premiered on Nickelodeon on Sunday, September 8, 1996.
Other colorful and unconventional characters on the show included Aunt Esther, Grady Wilson, Bubba Bexley and Rollo Lawson.
Both reprised their roles in the 2013 sequel Star Trek Into Darkness and Quinto reprised his role again in 2016's Star Trek Beyond.
The documentary is based on news video footage and still photos of Katrina and its aftermath, interspersed with interviews.
The title character was played by Gudrun Ure, with Iain Cuthbertson as her nemesis, The Scunner Campbell.
On radio, Joel McCrea's Pearson often worked by request with a local sheriff's office or police department.
The show is notable for launching the careers of voice actors, including Tom Kenny and Carlos Alazraqui.
The title comes from a traditional song of the same name - "Soldier, soldier will you marry me, with your musket, fife and drum?"
The series aired on Fox from 1995 to 1996.
Hiccup is an Italian/Swiss animated series of 39 episodes created by Italtoons Corporation in 1983.
Sasquatch: Legend Meets Science is a 2003 documentary television film which originally aired on the Discovery Channel on January 9, 2003.
Created and executive produced by Tyra Banks, the series premiered in May 2003, and was aired semiannually until 2012, then annually from 2013.
It is the first in a series of films made for Cinemax paying tribute to the films of American International Pictures.
See It Now was an American newsmagazine and documentary series broadcast by CBS from 1951 to 1958.
He goes to live with his daughter, her posh husband, and their young teenage son, in a flat nearby.
Sinatra gave her his dressing room on A Man and His Music and couldn't do enough for her."
One Punk Under God is a 2006 original observational documentary that airs on the Sundance Channel, directed and produced by Jeremy Simmons.
It is the first telenovela to have been remade worldwide and has been regarded as bringing the telenovela to new levels of success.
The series was produced by Nelvana and began airing on October 13, 2006 in Canada on the network YTV.
In addition, the stars were given the questions' subjects and bluff answers prior to the show.
The series ended on March 18, 2005, and a movie sequel, Mulawin: The Movie, was released in December 25, 2005.
had no actual gophers in the first production.
and Fridays, from 11:15 PM to 12:00 AM.
Other than Barrowman, the initial main cast of the series consisted of Eve Myles, Burn Gorman, Naoko Mori, and Gareth David-Lloyd.
On 2 August 2005, Channel 5 announced they would not renew Family Affairs.
The series was a soap opera, dealing with the lives of ordinary people, living and working in or around an average lakótelep.
Over the course of the episodes, she voted to eliminate the men she believed to be gay.
It was aired from 2002 to 2003 on Nickelodeon in the United States.
The show was not picked up for a second season.
The series finale aired on May 14, 2007.
However, in the second season, it switched to an hour-length format, showing two episodes each week.
24 on the Writers Guild of America's 101 Best Written TV Series of All Time and no.
The memorable theme tune is from the First Movement of Vaughan Williams's Sixth Symphony.
Presented by Victoria Coren, it was a companion to the dictionary's Wordhunt,.
Following the footsteps of the Australian-produced Ultraman: Towards the Future, this was the second live-action Ultra Series produced outside Japan.
Canned Carrott was a comedy stand-up and sketch-show by Jasper Carrott.
In the early 1990s it continued in syndication in Canada.
It was hosted by political commentator Bill O'Reilly, who discussed current events and controversial political issues with guests.
NASCAR Inside Nextel Cup was a show that aired Monday nights on Speed Channel during the NASCAR season.
It was produced by Talkback for Channel 4 in 2000 and ran for one series on Friday nights.
The series proper premiered on May 14, 1998, and ended on October 20, 2002, airing for 75 episodes.
The Diary of a Nobody, adapted by Andrew Davies.
and used the same theme music composed by Jerry Goldsmith, in a different arrangement by Dave Grusin.
The series first aired February 11, 2007 on Adult Swim.
   Jim Rogers, author of Hot Commodities and co-founder of the Quantum Fund
The second series began airing on 17 August 2006 at 9pm on channel 10, and is 13 episodes in length.
The newscast was seen on Shaw Multicultural Channel in Vancouver, British Columbia and Calgary, Alberta.
"The Battle of Britpop" brought Britpop to the forefront of the British press in 1995.
22 is an Israeli animated sitcom, revolving around the adventures of soldiers in a fictional IDF military base hosting the so-called "Israeli doomsday weapon".
Gilling and Smillie, now joined by Peta Toppano would reprise their roles for a 22-part weekly series screened in 1986.
The series was not Kenny's first appearance.
The series consisted of four episodes, the first of which aired on December 7, 2006.
The program debuted on September 22, 2002.
The show earned fair ratings enough to get picked up for a whole season, but it was cancelled at the end of the season.
The show was created by Joanne and Michael Cole, who also created Bod.
Dengekitai officially became the first two Super Sentai series; thus making Turboranger the 13th in the franchise.
On August 4, 2003, Canal de las Estrellas started broadcasting Alegrijes y Rebujos weekdays at 4:00pm, replacing De pocas, pocas pulgas.
After season 14 ended, it was confirmed that Road Rules was no longer in production.
It also portrays the events surrounding the attempt to create a television show about the execution.
Jornal Nacional is a Brazilian Emmy-winning primetime news program aired by Rede Globo since September 1, 1969.
The Music Man would tell stories involving Fingermouse, using musical instruments.
Shocked and devastated, Pronita vows to revenge on Meera.
When Fabares left the show in 1963, Petersen's younger sister, Patty Petersen, joined the cast as adopted daughter Trisha.
The show also featured the return of the 1930s music hall character Old Mother Riley, played by Roy Rolland.
ET versions, for both ESPN and ESPN2, lead up to ESPN College Football Primetime, which begins immediately following the show at 7:45 p.m.
Due to the controversy, Carlin sticks with more user-friendly material.
It was a joint collaboration between Ishimori Productions and Toei, and was shown on NET from February 17, 1973, to February 9, 1974.
Hosted by Heather Conkie, this 1978 Canadian television children's program was modeled after a news program.
It was commissioned by David Attenborough and aired on BBC2 from 1971 to 1988.
Katrina, a porn actress and host of the reality show Pornstar Académie 2
Simon Jordan - mobile phone entrepreneur and the then owner of Crystal Palace F.C.
Teletoon Retro aired reruns of all 39 half-hour episodes on September 5, 2011.
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers is an American live-action superhero children's television series that premiered on August 28, 1993, on the Fox Kids weekday afternoon block.
It began airing on Radio Caracas Television in 1989.
Alam Simsim is Arabic for "Sesame World".
It was also novelised by the creators, Mark Shirrefs and John Thomson.
Infonet uses the BBC Ceefax teletext system.
However, a similar but larger keypad located on the wall was sometimes used.
3pm is a New Zealand children's show hosted by Suzy Cato.
In January 1966 this was altered to "Apna Hi Ghar Samajhiye" meaning "Make Yourself At Home".
Bani falls off a cliff into the water below.
It focuses on teenage campers, their strict and bossy counselor, and the various capers and jocularities they engage in.
The series was originally produced by Bahr/Small Productions and Quincy Jones/David Salzman Entertainment.
Denise Bryer did Footso and the other voices.
All the characters were glove puppets, created and operated by Sam and Elizabeth Williams.
The Montreal edition, which launched on August 26, 2013, also runs from 6-9 a.m.
The series' first international capture was in Nova Scotia in 1989.
ITV News Meridian is the regional news programme for the ITV Meridian region and part of the ITV Central region, serving South East England.
The show also starred the rising stand-up comic/actor Jim Carrey alongside previously unknown actor/comedians Jamie Foxx, Tommy Davidson, David Alan Grier, and T'Keyah Crystal Keymáh.
While scavenging for food, as seen in the opening, Rube is caught and experimented on.
Moreover, The People's Court is the first popular, long-running reality in the judicial genre.
Gilligan's Island followed the comic adventures of seven castaways as they attempted to survive the island on which they had been shipwrecked.
Bill Armstrong was the main announcer, with Dick Tufeld and John Harlan substituting.
The event is a football match between two teams of celebrities and former professional players, representing England and the Rest of the World.
On the second day, a yard sale is held to dispose of the items in the “sell” category.
Hattytown Tales is a 52-episode stop motion children's television series produced by FilmFair for Thames Television.
The drama made its debut on 3 April 2006 in Singapore, and ended its run on 28 April 2006.
The show also aired for a short time on the CBC morning children's block in Canada.
The show consists of more than 3,000 episodes, making it the longest running drama in television in Scandinavia.
The remaining episodes were eventually screened in the United States on Fox Reality.
Jim'll Fix It is a long-running British television show, broadcast by the BBC between May 1975 and June 1994.
The program is hosted by the son of the late King of Comedy, Epy Quizon, the late comedian Tado, Nina Torres and Rosabelle Pangilinan.
Triumph in the Skies has been compared to the now-cancelled NBC series LAX.
This special was re-released as part of the box set Snoopy's Holiday Collection on October 1, 2013.
The series ran for one complete season, but was not renewed for a second season.
The channel cancelled the series after five episodes, but Cartoon Network purchased the rights to the series, seeing potential in it.
Shuriken School is a French-Spanish animated series that first aired on August 20, 2006.
The series featured a talking shrunken head.
Originally, the series lasted 90 minutes, then 60 minutes from August 4 onward.
The following season, it moved to ABC, where it stayed until completing its run on June 20, 1963.
Other principal characters include Saxondale's Welsh girlfriend, Magz, and his naïve assistant, Raymond.
El pecado de Oyuki is a Mexican telenovela produced by Lucy Orozco for Televisa in 1988.
The explosion of rap and hip hop videos being sent for SITC was urgently calling for the addition of a show dedicated to the new genre.
Give-n-Take is an American television game show which ran on CBS from September 8 to November 28, 1975.
The series was a hit in the Nielsen ratings in the early to mid 1950s, often finishing just behind Arthur Godfrey's Talent Scouts.
The last episode of the series aired on 6 June 1999, after 16 episodes and 3 seasons.
The plot revolves around how a perpetrator whose identity is already known to the audience will finally be caught and exposed.
It does not only explore into the bizarre and the extraordinary, but pursues light yet thought-provoking, significant and highly-instructive items.
Magandang Gabi, Bayan named after the signature open and close of Noli de Castro, is a news magazine program in the Philippines.
The Gala has the largest audience of any entertainment show in the world, and it is considered the world's most watched television program.
Each episode Ray opens the show by saying "Hi there, I'm Rachael Ray and I make 30-minute meals.
The Sound of Petula was a musical variety series hosted by Petula Clark that aired on the BBC from 17 December 1972 through 21 December 1974.
Their increasingly disparate versions of events are contrasted as the trials unfold.
Fox, Bill Bellamy, Carmen Electra, and Stacey Dash.
The series premièred on February 25, 2006 and ended on September 20, 2008.
Critic John Leonard called Northern Exposure "the best of the best television in the past 10 years".
Fifteen original episodes were produced for broadcast on ABC, with the hour-long Yogi's Ark Lark thrown in as a split-in-half two-parter.
"Handyman Superstar Challenge" was replaced by a successor series on HGTV Canada called Canada's Handyman Challenge.
From Series 2 onwards, a spin-off show, titled I'm Famous and Frightened Extra was introduced, presented by Brian Dowling.
It sometimes also aired under names like Sci-Fi Flix and Creature Feature.
So Weird is an American-Canadian television series that aired on the Disney Channel as a mid-season replacement from January 18, 1999, to September 28, 2001.
Wayne and Lucien's personalities clash, and they rarely get along.
in addition to GHIJK, haplogroup F has three other immediate descendant subclades: F1, F2, and F3.
It originally ran on CBC from 1967 to 1996.
It starred Carroll O'Connor, Jean Stapleton, Sally Struthers, and Rob Reiner.
The story is inspired by the 2000 TVB comedy drama Colourful Life.
A total of 39 episodes were produced by Media World Features between 1994 and 1998 and was originally broadcast on Network Ten.
Produced in the United States, the voice recording was done in Canada and the show was animated in Japan and South Korea.
The show, created by Jay Levine in 1985, was last hosted by Jeanne Beker.
Based on Grammy-winner Harry Connick, Jr.’s original song, The Happy Elf.
Result shows were shown on the same Thursday of the week at 11:30 pm.
The series was also aired in Canada on the over-the-air CTV Television Network.
The 12th Annual American Music Awards were held on January 28, 1985.
Late Show with David Letterman is an American late-night talk show hosted by David Letterman on CBS, the first iteration of the Late Show franchise.
For the 1980–1982 seasons, reruns of the Batman and the Super 7 episodes moved to NBC and Tarzan joined The Tarzan/Lone Ranger Adventure Hour.
The Urban Peasant was a Canadian cooking show starring James Barber.
Implicit messages of the series are that cars have personalities and that cities without pedestrians are normal.
The series aired from July 26, 1999 to March 31, 2002 on Noggin.
Jack's Big Music Show is an American musical children's television series originally airing on Noggin and on the Nick Jr. television network.
It is based on a 1990 French & Saunders sketch created by Saunders and Dawn French.
Music was by Benni Lees, and played by Soulyard.
The series peaked during the 1983–84 season with a 20.8 rating and a 20.0 rating for the 1984–85 season.
The dater only meets the mother and makes his or her decision solely on their impression of the mother and her descriptions of her child.
Hall's Pictorial Weekly, Incorporating the Provincial Vindicator was an Irish satirical television series which was broadcast on Radio Telefís Éireann from 1971 to 1980.
The series premiered as a mid-season replacement on March 13, 1982, on ABC and ran on the network until May 4, 1985.
In the book, Bernstein writes a bit about his past and BOSS, but it is mostly a behind-the-scene look at various episodes.
The Beiderbecke Connection is a four-part British television serial written by Alan Plater and broadcast in 1988.
The series was first broadcast in Taiwan on free-to-air China Television from 26 June to 18 September 2005 and cable TV Eastern Television for 20 episodes.
At the 2014 San Diego Comic Con, Shout!
So Skip gets an animation job at the firm, which is nicknamed "The Duck Factory" as their main cartoon is "The Dippy Duck Show".
The film premiered on November 4, 2006, on VH1, and was broadcast to promote the film's DVD release on November 7.
The television series was produced for the ITV network by TVS and aired between 1988 and 1990.
The first was Barefoot in the Park.
Long relegated to the role of sidekick, which he had portrayed for many years in several television series and films, Don Knotts was the headliner here.
Bonds on Bonds is a 10-part reality TV series starring former San Francisco Giants outfielder Barry Bonds that aired on ESPN.
The music is composed by Robert Carli.
I'll Take Manhattan was the highest-rated miniseries of the 1986–87 US television season with a 22.9/35 rating/share.
It was based on the books The Secret Book of Gnomes by Wil Huygen.
The show was first broadcast on CBBC and later on CBeebies in the UK, while in Canada, the programme aired on Knowledge Network.
In October 2016, Ross Higgins, who played central character Ted Bullpitt, died after a lengthy illness, aged 85
The series was the first British television series to be written, acted and directed predominantly by black artists.
The next series to feature the main villain from its Super Sentai counterpart would be the Disney-produced Power Rangers Mystic Force, which premiered six years later.
The show was developed from David Spade's Hollywood Minute segment on Saturday Night Live.
It also has the Police Blotter of Nevada County, California.
HBO World Championship Boxing is an American sports television series, premiering in January 1973 that has shown a number of significant boxing events since then.
The late night news program, Buletin Malam was renamed Seputar Indonesia Malam.
The series ran between 3 September 2004 and 19 May 2006.
Five of the six competitors qualified through daily freeroll tournaments held at mansionpoker.net.
The first guest on Hannity was former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich.
Dino Thunder was also the subtitle of the Korean dub of Abaranger in South Korea and had a similar/identical logo to the American version as well.
Anything But Love is an American sitcom which aired on ABC from March 7, 1989 to June 3, 1992, spanning four seasons and 56 episodes.
Dr. Renz retired in episode #60 and was replaced by Dr. Rainer Franck.
It is hosted by Candice Olson, one of Canada's top designers.
The first series was released on VHS, and neither has been repeated by the BBC since.
It first aired on ABC on January 20, 1986.
Prior to that the program emanated from Washington, D.C., where it was located in the same studio as Pardon the Interruption.
Trumpton is a stop-motion children's television series from the producers of Camberwick Green.
The show is hosted by Jimmy Carr and the current team captains are Rob Beckett and Aisling Bea.
Stankervision is a repackaged version of "The DAMN!
The special has never been released in any standard home media video format and there are currently no plans to release it.
It was presented by Reggie Yates and Dani Harmer.
In March 2014, Netflix, announced plans to air seasons 8 and 9, as well as 3 new specials.
The money was never recovered and although Norman Lee was charged he was later acquitted.
A large part of the comedy came from observations about the nature of news presentation rather than the stories themselves.
It was animated by Fatkat Animation, a Canadian animation studio.
It later became an animated TV series for BBC TV, Lars, der Kleine Eisbär, in the 1990s.
The feel of the show closely modeled that of The X-Files and other supernatural-themed shows that were popular at the time.
However the second series was not broadcast until 1992.
is a 1976 Soviet romantic comedy television film directed by Eldar Ryazanov.
Cirino was the one constant of every show.
In Season 3, the kitchen locations shifted to other venues.
The show had three incarnations: The Bibleman Show, The Bibleman Adventure, and Bibleman: Powersource.
On New Year's Eve a special episode of Wheeltappers and Shunters New Year's Eve would be broadcast.
Martin Yan – Quick & Easy is a Canadian culinary television program produced for Food Network Canada and hosted by Martin Yan of Yan Can Cook.
When the episodes were filmed the dog’s name was “Rudy”.
Each episode is about one hour and features a single guest from the world of technology.
The address to send the letters was in Santa Barbara, California.
It is the first situation comedy by executive producer Jerry Bruckheimer.
The programmes are produced and broadcast from the BBC Broadcasting Centre at Queens Court in Kingston upon Hull, East Yorkshire, with reporters also based in Lincoln.
Chris Barrie played Gordon Brittas, the well-meaning but incompetent manager of Whitbury New Town Leisure Centre.
The first part of the series was originally broadcast from February to August 2002 on the Fox Kids television block.
Static Shock had some alterations from the original comic book because it was oriented to a pre-teen audience.
Mahler composed this work following the most painful period in his life, and the songs address themes such as those of living, parting and salvation.
It was written by Jeff Kahn, and directed by Dana Calderwood.
The Legend of the Condor Heroes is a Hong Kong wuxia television series adapted from Louis Cha's novel of the same title.
The production company, which also owns the format, is Stemmburg Television, named after its founders, Stemmet and former musical leader Johan van Rensburg.
As suggested by the title, the programme was sponsored by the General Motors automobile company.
ABC late night, Tuesdays & Wednesday nights
Terrific, which aired right before Captain Nice on Monday nights.
The show's narrator, Peter Thomas, died in April 2016.
This show originated as a television movie.
My Family was voted 24th in the BBC's "Britain's Best Sitcom" in 2004 and was the most watched sitcom in the United Kingdom in 2008.
It is the tale of four old Emirati women living in a secluded neighbourhood in modern-day Dubai.
A liquid in a partial vacuum has a lower boiling point than when that liquid is at atmospheric pressure.
The series was created by Jeff Bowler in 2005, and was broadcast by the A&E Network.
Since 1999, MOTD has been presented by former Leicester City and England striker Gary Lineker.
Goodyear Television Playhouse finished #16 in the Nielsen ratings for the 1951-1952 season, #15 for 1952-1953 and #22 for 1953-1954.
For other TV series sponsored by Ford Motor Company, see Ford Television Theatre, Ford Startime, Ford Festival, and The Ford Show.
Humphrey Barclay saw Mickey on Jimmy Savile's 'Jim'll Fix It' television show.
   Scott Bleier, HybridInvestors.com president
Declassified is an American television series produced by Ten Worlds Productions on The History Channel that originally aired on November 9, 2004.
It is played with up to 26 cases containing certain sums of money.
It is shown on E4 in the UK.
Other features include the comical "Fame or Shame" during the third quarter of the show.
His smallholding now boasted a polytunnel for growing vegetables, a fox-proof high rise chicken accommodation and a pasture for his sheep, cows and pigs.
There is also a quick-fire round with questions such as "What is a malapropism?"
Antena 3 Internacional satellite channel broadcasts the series to Latin America.
During their career, the band released four LP records and seven 45s for the International Artists record label.
The original proposed title, Up Baghdad, was rejected because it was felt that it might have been seen as supportive of the then-current Iraqi regime.
The series was created by Tony McHale and Mal Young as a spin-off from the established BBC medical drama Casualty, and premiered on 12 January 1999.
The stories became the basis of the cartoon series produced by Cookie Jar Entertainment and Bee Train.
It aired on TV Asahi from January 25, 2004 to January 23, 2005.
The show premiered on Nickelodeon on August 1, 2003.
It originally aired on NBC between 1993 and 1996.
The America's Test Kitchen brand has also produced books, radio shows, and an online database for cooking recipes and tips.
Variety Big Brother, also known as Big Brother's Return, was a television show hosted by Chang Fei, a.k.a.
Puppets Casey and Finnegan would also join him on that new series.
Hospital Central is a Spanish television series that follows the professional and personal lives of the staff of the fictitious Hospital Central in Madrid.
Only two episodes have survived, after being returned to the BBC from overseas in the early 1990s.
When she discovers he has been unfaithful to her, she seeks solace in the company of a Shanghainese divorcee.
Animation, based on the DC Comics character Krypto.
The series was created by Leonard Stern and Roger Price and was produced by Frank Cooper Productions.
The Einstein Factor was an Australian television quiz show that was broadcast on ABC1.
"So Little Time" reruns briefly aired on Nickelodeon in 2015.
Kikaider 01, is a tokusatsu superhero TV series, and a sequel series to Android Kikaider.
Street Fury was a TV show on G4 that showcased women and cars.
The two friends' off-screen animosity caused them to split and they went their separate ways.
Jai becomes ecstatic and reunites with her.
Romance is a 2005 US tongue-in-cheek reality television show which aired on Oxygen.
Many members of the Royal Family enjoyed the show.
E Street ran for 404 one-hour episodes.
Tiffany Coyne joined the series as Fiori's replacement in 2010 and musician Cat Gray joined the program in 2011.
The Sylvester & Tweety Mysteries, produced by Warner Bros.
Although they of course always recognised him, he never did or at least never acknowledged he knew them.
The list included Tina Turner, Madonna, Beastie Boys, Run-DMC, Anita Baker, David Bowie, Aretha Franklin, and Janet Jackson.
ITV Sport's Matt Smith stepped in when O'Connell was away for one night, and TV comedian Ralf Little also covered O'Connell's absence.
The show was hosted by Liz Bonnin.
While the succeeding show was then still under production, reruns of Magpakailanman were aired until January 31, 2008.
On 17 January 2017, the trailer to season 5 screened on TVNZ 2, announcing that Amanda Billing would be the new host.
The original Dutch version was called Now or Neverland.
He later went on to create the hit series New Tricks, with writer Roy Mitchell.
The series debuted in Australia 8 September 1992.
Star Search is an American television show that was produced by T.P.E./Rysher Entertainment from 1983 to 1995, hosted by Ed McMahon, and created by Alfred Masini.
It was also released on video tape and later on DVD.
From 23 February 1996 the show was recorded every Friday in the afternoon to be broadcast in the evening, normally at 10:15 pm, on RTL.
After their father's death, the sisters go to Mumbai to live with the family of wealthy business tycoon, Jai Walia.
People who have been profiled include, Grace Kelly, Natalie Wood, Carly Simon, Jackie Kennedy, Katharine Hepburn, Carol Burnett, Tanya Tucker, Faith Hill and Marla Maples.
The series officially premiered on July 17, 1999.
Sam Riddle was the show's first announcer; toward the end of the run, Charlie O'Donnell replaced him.
Ultimately, MTV commissioned three seasons of the show, which was produced by Colossal Pictures.
The first season of the show was also sold to Egypt.
As of August 2016, Even Stevens airs on Freeform for two hours after midnight on Wednesday night.
One of the original cast members, Evelyn Bontogon as Matutina and Isko Salvador as Isko, made an appearance on one of the episodes.
The show is a spin-off from the original 1960s–1970s BBC television series, but without any of the original cast.
The show is similar in concept to Here's Humphrey featuring Humphrey B.
The last episode is to coincide with the release of "Tightrope".
TenNapel and Taylor also collaborated on the video games The Neverhood, Boombots and Skullmonkeys, and in 2005, re-united for the Nickelodeon cartoon Catscratch.
In 2013, an American remake of the show premiered on The CW.
The name "Tench" is a partial anagram created from the name Channel Ten.
Harry and Cosh was a British children's television series directed by Daniel Peacock shown on Saturday afternoons on Shake!
It starred by Angélica Aragón, Rogelio Guerra, Beatriz Sheridan, Patricia Pereyra and Arturo Peniche.
Double Talk is an American game show that aired on the ABC network from August 18 to December 19, 1986.
Tom and Alice Hammond are a happily married couple who become extremely wealthy when Alice suddenly becomes a best-selling author.
She was replaced by Monica Burruss for the 1978–79 season, who remained with the series until its 1981 cancellation.
In 2003, they were listed in The Observer as one of the 50 funniest British comedy acts.
Gigantor is an American adaptation of the anime version of Tetsujin 28-go, a manga by Mitsuteru Yokoyama released in 1956.
The programme is fronted by car enthusiast Mike Brewer.
Family Guy is an American adult animated sitcom created by Seth MacFarlane for the Fox Broadcasting Company.
In addition, he directed one episode and served as occasional second-unit director throughout the series.
Most of its episodes have been 30 minutes in length, although there are many specials that last longer.
It bears a resemblance to both the classic hidden camera show Candid Camera and to TV's Bloopers & Practical Jokes, which also featured pranks on celebrities.
The music, often part of the story, was by Vernon Elliott.
Typically, he then throws the joke card behind him and says to the audience "Welcome to Comedy at Club 54!"
On December 8, 2009, CBS announced that it was canceling As the World Turns due to low ratings.
The characters also appeared in the pair's previous TV show Chewin' the Fat which aired in Scotland from January 1999 until June 2000.
Every half-hour episode would have a different theme, including one series of episodes in 1996 featuring the long-unseen Nudnik shorts.
Generally scheduled Sunday nights at 7PM ET, the series was seen on Fox until 2000.
Today, the show's episodes are only seen in re-runs late during the night and earlier during the day.
The series starred Robert Foxworth, Sheila Larken, David Arkin, and A Martinez.
A daily syndicated half-hour version of the show debuted on September 8, 2008 and continued for two seasons.
Though it never achieved great commercial success, the show received consistent critical acclaim and became a cult favourite.
The series lasted 200 episodes, airing from 2002-2004.
It was written by Martin Stern and Ernest Borneman.
Something Wilder is an American sitcom starring Gene Wilder that ran on NBC from October 1, 1994 to June 13, 1995.
The show first premiered on Cartoon Network on August 13, 2004, as a 90-minute television film.
The show was made by Channel 4 and HTV.
The Life of Mammals is a nature documentary series written and presented by David Attenborough, first transmitted in the United Kingdom from 20 November 2002.
After two seasons, Fredrik Lindström claimed that the attention from the programme was a burden to him and that he wouldn't host it anymore.
In 2005 Back Of The Y released a TV special, "Bogan's Heroes" a comedy based on life in prison.
In October 2005, a new series by Sesame Workshop was launched, called 5, Rue Sésame.
Rusty Gill was featured on vocals and guitar, his wife Carolyn DeZurik was also featured on vocals and yodeling.
The Jeff Corwin Experience is an American television show about mostly tropical animals airing on the Animal Planet cable channel since 2000.
11 Somerset is a Canadian children's television series, which airs in French on Télé-Québec and in English on A-Channel.
On February 10, 2014, LBCI CBC & Endemol Middle East announced that Star Academy will renew another season.
Aside from Cornish, all of these individuals also worked on Doctor Who concurrent with their involvement in United!.
The network gave the staff a large amount of creative freedom, with the writers targeting both children and adults.
The series was distributed by Show Biz Inc., and produced at Opryland USA in Nashville, Tennessee.
It was part of ABC's final TGIF comedy line-up.
SmackDown is currently broadcast live on Tuesday nights on the USA Network.
At the conclusion of its eighth season, 24 became the longest-running U.S. espionage/counterterrorism-themed television drama ever, surpassing both Mission: Impossible and The Avengers.
The answerer answers each question in turn.
This book contained both Palin's text and many pictures by Basil Pao, the stills photographer on the team.
May 1985–January 1988 episodes do not have the original opening and closing theme songs.
The series was based on the character Chlorophylle created by Dargaud[3] and was about a group of environmentally aware creatures and their adventures.
Cartoon Network and Boomerang airings of the show have the track muted.
It was created by Iain Lauchlan and Will Brenton, who also created and produced Tweenies, Boo!, Fun Song Factory and Jim Jam and Sunny.
Torchwood Declassified is a documentary series created by the BBC to complement the British science fiction television series Torchwood.
MythBusters refers both to the name of the documentary and also the cast members who test the experiments.
Power Rangers Zeo is an American television series and the fourth season of the Power Rangers franchise, based on the Super Sentai series Chōriki Sentai Ohranger.
", "Sorry about that, Chief", "The old trick", "And loving it", and "I asked you not to tell me that".
Repeats of the show were shown daily on IRIB 1 and IRIB 2 for those living out of the country.
Continuing the tradition of its parent, Doctor Who Confidential, Torchwood Declassified covers themes presented in the just-broadcast episode, as well as providing behind-the-scenes access and footage.
The show tells the story of a typical middle-class family living in a suburb neighborhood of Rio de Janeiro.
In contrast, The Flintstones, while always produced in color, was broadcast in black-and-white for its first two seasons.
Love Comes Softly is a 2003 Christian drama television movie set in the 19th century, based on a series of books by Janette Oke.
Honky Sausages was a 1990s English comedy that aired on the BBC and Play UK about the most obscene family ever to grace the TV.
The show received a total of 98 Emmy nominations during its run.
Subsequent seasons have aired on the same April to June or July schedule every year since the original 2005 season.
It was nominated for six BAFTA Awards, winning three.
However, ABC executives changed their minds when the summer series Call to Glory did well, and Street Hawk was pushed to mid-season.
Animal Stories began airing on Tiny Pop in September 2013.
Hoping that Qing Qing will find her 'feminine self' in Singapore, Honey sends her to her sisters in Singapore.
The film is notable for being released in multiple versions for the United States and international markets.
Its franchise successor Thames Television took over from mid-1968.
The newly recorded introductions provided an opportunity for plenty of good-humoured banter between the pair.
Professor Balthazar is a Croatian animated television series for children about an old inventor that was produced between 1967 and 1978.
The series was adapted by Chiung Yao from her 1964 novel Fire and Rain, with the setting moved to 1930s Shanghai.
De Club van Sinterklaas is a Dutch kids' soap opera based on the legend of Sinterklaas and Zwarte Piet.
"Sty" and "pigsty" and "pigpen" are used as derogatory descriptions of dirty messy areas.
In November 2016, an episode of the sixth series, was returned after many years believed lost.
It was part of the annual Star Awards organised by MediaCorp for MediaCorp TV Channel 8.
The name derives from Tír na nÓg, one of the Otherworlds of Irish mythology.
TV Guide ranked it #8 on TV Guide's List of the 50 Worst TV Shows of All Time list in 2002.
Each show was 30 minutes divided into four segments, one of warmup exercises, two main exercise segments, and a stretch/cool-down segment.
After each termination, Slap makes groveling apologies and is rehired.
Hay Superstar / Hye Superstar is the Armenian version of the British television hit show Pop Idol.
They are also now called Le Téléjournal, usually followed by the name of the city or region, e.g., Le Téléjournal/Québec on CBVT-DT in Quebec City.
Extreme Makeover: Home Edition, which debuted in 2003, is a spin-off of Extreme Makeover.
The show was on the air most actively between 1994 and 2008.
Kipper the Dog is a character in a series of books for preschool-age children by British writer Mick Inkpen.
The usual readers are Nathanaël de Rincquesen, Sophie Le Saint, Julien Benedetto, Sophie Gastrain, Patrice Romedenne and Frédéric Vion.
Faerie Tale Theatre originally aired on Showtime from 1982 to 1987, winning a Peabody Award, TCA Award and Golden CableACE Award.
The series premiered September 12, 2005, and airs on syndication.
Production of TRL Australia ceased during 2006 without any announcement.
On January 7, 2002, Canal de las Estrellas started broadcasting Cómplices Al Rescate weekdays at 4:00pm, replacing Navidad sin fin.
The Kellogg's cereal company was the show's national sponsor.
Hiccup, who is a little man with a normal life, a normal job, a normal home, and one not-so-normal problem: chronic hiccups.
It forms the second half of a pair with the television serial Karaoke.
The story arc of Stargate Infinity follows Gus Bonner being framed for opening the Stargate for alien enemies in a future version of Stargate Command.
Despite its traditional production, the series subverts its domestic sitcom setting with elements of black humour and surrealism.
The show is set on the fictitious Coral Island, and is essentially about the intense rivalry and animosity between the families the two protagonists are in.
High School Musical 2 is the second film in the High School Musical series.
Entertainment Spotlight was hosted by Mose Persico and Natasha Hall(2008).
A comic book miniseries was released in December 2008 that was in continuity with both the series and the hoped-for webisodes.
The series features surveillance footage, news reports and dramatic reenactments of particularly foolish criminal behavior.
Captions in the lower portion of the frame occasionally give information as to the location, time, and events on screen.
The Wrong Coast is a Canadian stop-motion animated television show.
Zed was often cheeky to the sometimes bad-tempered Stewart.
The series is produced by Wawatay Native Communications Society, and was created by Michael Dubé.
The main theme of the show was to teach about Jesus Christ in a child-friendly matter.
Las Amazonas is a Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and seen on Venevisión.
In the 2009 film Star Trek, Nimoy reprised his role with Zachary Quinto, who depicted a younger version of the character, existing within an alternate timeline.
The show won an Emmy for Outstanding Writing for a Variety or Music Program in 1999.
It also airs on Fox Sports Latin America, ESPN Brasil and Esporte Interativo.
Raines was left off this list, and was officially cancelled.
In the first five videos, "I Love You" was sung at the beginning.
The same pilot was later produced with a live cast, but with no success.
She claimed her objective was to show the "chaos" which teachers must deal with in the classroom.
Bani is assumed to be dead, which completely shatters Jai.
It was hosted by Monty Hall, joined by Sylvie Garant as assistant very early on in the run, with Sandy Hoyt as the show's announcer.
Rich Girls was an MTV reality show that aired for one season in the fall of 2003 and winter of 2004.
Other major characters include Andy's inept but well-meaning deputy, Barney Fife; Andy's spinster aunt and housekeeper, "Aunt" Bee Taylor, and Andy's precocious young son, Opie.
The series was broadcast for years all over the world, in Turkey, Cyprus, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Sweden, Brazil, Yugoslavia and other countries.
The Greatest American was a four-part American television series hosted by Matt Lauer in 2005.
My Little Margie premiered on CBS as the summer replacement for I Love Lucy on June 16, 1952, under the sponsorship of Philip Morris cigarettes.
Both He's Your Dog, Charlie Brown and You're in Love, Charlie Brown were nominated for an Emmy award for Outstanding Achievement in Children's Programming in 1968.
The series came about as the result of a viewer's poll by Cartoon Network.
In 1984, the name of the show was changed to The New Scooby-Doo Mysteries, with the actual show format remaining the same.
On November 2, 2005, CNN announced that it was cancelling NewsNight and that Brown would leave the network.
The series was highly publicised following criticism of Spain's extradition treaty with the UK, which was featured heavily in the newspapers during the series' run.
Fox as Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series.
However, moments before the wedding, Pia elopes with Pushkar.
It starred Amanda Bynes, Drake Bell and Nancy Sullivan, and featured John Kassir, Raquel Lee, and Josh Peck.
In 2004, it was revamped into a chat style show with Johanna Griggs and Sandy Roberts.
Neveen, who starred in this show, was also on the second season of Oxygen Network's hit series The Bad Girls Club 2.
The comedy-based variety show was hosted by two accomplished comedy writers, David Mandel and Steve Lookner.
Ros na Rún is a long-running Irish soap opera produced for the Irish language television channel, TG4.
It is set in Salford, Greater Manchester, chosen because Duff was familiar with the area having done many stand-up gigs there during his youth.
In 2001, Play Your Hunch was ranked #43 on TV Guide's "50 Greatest Game Shows of All Time".
The original hosts were JD Roberto and Heather Alexander, who were replaced after the first season by the team of Michael Young and Lisa Stahl-Sullivan.
The contestants have been judged by Paul Burrell, Jane Luedecke and Jean Broke-Smith since its inception along with various other guest judges.
Other original cast members came in for guest spots, with Loni Anderson returning for two episodes and Tim Reid for one episode.
Forever Eden is a Fox reality show that shared many similarities with FOX's 2003 summer television show Paradise Hotel, including the show's producers.
It is based on the comic by Hisaya Nakajo, published in English as Hana-Kimi.
The program also conducts regular free medical/dental missions within the ABS-CBN complex in the Philippines.
The show was taped in Fox News' Washington studios on Fridays.
It was presented as a Saturday Night Live-style sketch comedy, with its cast often filling the roles of historical figures.
As of June 2013, Sentai Filmworks have licensed the Gatchaman franchise.
The show's title comes from the circle on the dance floor where the dancers competed.
It was broadcast daily on the Portuguese TV station TVI between 30 August 2003 to 15 September 2012.
With the end of the series, there was talk of a push by Ana Ortiz and America Ferrera for an Ugly Betty movie.
With greater resources, the News Caravan attracted a larger audience than its CBS competition until 1955.
The first season originally aired on Channel 4 in the UK, and the second and third seasons on HBO in the US.
At the age of 12, Chalke was the program's environmental reporter.
In 2010, The Guardian ranked the serial at number 5 in their list of "The Top 50 TV Dramas of All Time".
Establishing a case for war crimes against civilians committed by the United States.
Every programme is 15 minutes long, and teaches children a dance, a different one every week.
"As far as I’m concerned, there’s no better way to experience the road than from the back of a bike," says Brown.
The fictional story is based upon historical events during the War of the Mantuan Succession between France and Spain and its allies.
Grey's Anatomy is an American medical drama television series that premiered on American Broadcasting Company as a mid-season replacement on March 27, 2005.
Strangebrew is a reality situational comedy television show in the Philippines which formerly aired on UNTV Channel 37, People's Television Network and Studio 23.
Prior to season seven, the show was known as The Next Food Network Star.
It describes Anurag and Prerna—lovers who were separated throughout their lives but achieved union in death.
In season seven, Louis Febre became the series' primary composer.
BrainTeaser was live, with phone-in viewer puzzles being announced and played during the show in addition to the studio game.
The impressment of seamen from American ships caused serious tensions between Britain and the United States in the years leading up to the War of 1812.
Humes, formerly a regular panellist, replaced Rickie Haywood Williams, who was a team captain in series 1.
Sex, Toys, & Chocolate is a talk show produced by Alliance Atlantis on cable and satellite in Canada.
The original 65 episodes are currently owned by Hallmark Properties and were produced by WQED Pittsburgh.
In 2004, a similar series, with Australian comedy duo Merrick & Rosso, aired in Australia - Merrick and Rosso Unplanned.
Trigger Happy TV and World Shut Your Mouth, Dom's other major show, would both be categorised as deadpan or "dry humour".
It was syndicated in 1978, airing in several markets nationwide as well as Canada, Italy, and Saudi Arabia.
Some of the show's humour is derived from the deliberate adaptation of these films to everyday settings, leading to preposterous results.
On June 16, 2014, Cartoon Network announced that the series would be rebooted, which premiered in the United States on April 4, 2016.
The VHS version was distributed by Lions Gate Entertainment [1], while the DVD version was distributed by Trinity Home Entertainment [2].
Anderson's previous puppet-laden TV series included Thunderbirds and Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons.
Hammer at CNN New York at the time of its cancellation.
Static Shock was nominated for numerous awards, including the Daytime Emmy.
The program presents documentary films on social issues.
Besides Harrison, the production team was made up of Bruce "Buz" Clarke, Keith Cornell, Marybeth Harris, and Leslie Chacon.
Its original run was on NBC from 1984 to 1985, but continued in reruns on the network until 1987, when CBS picked the show up.
Louis, but only after their ACDs made them pitch first.
The CBC did, by law, make its website available in French, however.
"Rosie" was produced by Cagney & Lacey producer Barney Rosenzweig, whom Gless married in 1991.
It features a large ensemble cast and focuses on the work and private lives of the various teachers, students, and administrators at the school.
In 2010, a re-version of the movie adaptation is currently in Pre-Production.
Tiburcio Vásquez, Juan Nepomuceno Cortina and Joaquin Murrieta are cited as inspirations for Zorro.
The word "bridezilla" is a portmanteau combining bride with the fictional rampaging beast "Godzilla" to indicate a difficult bride.
A panel of experts would attempt to answer questions submitted by listeners.
Andrew Spink, Alex Hart, M Saville and Paul Bernard all run Martial Arts schools around the uk.
It was broadcast every Saturday evening on GMA.
Critics have debated the merits of the show's animation, writing, and spirit compared to classic Quest, but it has also received praise in those categories.
The series acquired its more familiar title in syndication.
The competition has many similarities to the Eurovision Song Contest from which its name is taken.
Ottolina would typically host El Show de Renny for two consecutive years and then take a year off, spending that time in another country.
The series aired on the BBC in the United Kingdom and Nickelodeon in the United States.
Mike and Angelo is a British sci-fi TV sitcom series, that ran on CITV between 16 March 1989 and 7 March 2000.
The program is broadcast each weekday morning from 4:30 to 7 a.m. Pacific Time.
Cool and the Crazy is a 1994 American drama film written and directed by Ralph Bakshi and starring Jared Leto and Alicia Silverstone.
Bonner escapes with a group of fresh recruits through the Stargate.
Al TV is an American comedy TV series created by and starring singer-songwriter "Weird Al" Yankovic.
It starred Nigel Havers, Tony Britton and Dinah Sheridan, and was written by George Layton.
Let's Learn Japanese is a video-based Japanese language study course for English speakers produced by The Japan Foundation.
It used puppets and the stories centered on a scientist, his daughter and an anthropomorphic virus.
It is the first and only DCOM to have a theatrical sequel.
The film is an homage to Frank Capra's 1946 film, It's a Wonderful Life, which has a similar plot.
Everybody Hates Chris is an American period sitcom that is based on the troubled teenage experiences of comedian Chris Rock during the 1980s.
Each Rider is assigned one of the suits from a deck of cards.
The contestants were drawn from all over the UK, and auditions were held in London, Manchester, Birmingham, Cardiff, Glasgow and Belfast.
It stars John Travolta, Glynnis O'Connor, Diana Hyland, Robert Reed, and P.J.
The NBC presentation displays the native widescreen HD picture, albeit with the CNBC Ticker space still filled in with gray windowboxing.
It is the successor to Star Plus, which is now one of its sister channels.
It was presented by Gerry Ryan, until his unexpected death at the age of 53 on 30 April 2010.
It is the direct prequel to 2007's Survivor's Law II.
This show was the first TV family sitcom to feature the mother as the center of the show.
It has since been shown in re-runs throughout the world.
The series focuses on "McNamara/Troy", a cutting-edge, controversial plastic surgery center—but, particularly its founders: Drs.
Until the 11th edition, there was a side rock with the Roman numeral identifying the edition.
The Old Grey Whistle Test was a British television music show.
Welcome Freshmen was filmed at Nickelodeon Studios in Orlando, Florida.
Raptor Island is a Sci Fi original movie about an island in the South China Sea.
The new television deal runs from 2009 to 2016.
It is the second series in the Beverly Hills, 90210 franchise.
However, the distinction actually dates back as far as 1968, even before his appearances on Sesame Street.
"MTB" is the third longest running noon time show of ABS-CBN after Eat Bulaga!
The show began as six ten-minute episodes on BBC Two Scotland, broadcast at around midnight on Fridays starting in December 2005.
The Adventures of Mark & Brian is a comedy television program that was broadcast by NBC as part of its 1991 fall lineup.
The name was a satirical reference to ITV's This Morning which was at the time popularly referred to as This Morning with Richard and Judy.
Variety magazine named Mega64 as one of its "10 Comics to Watch for 2015".
Gary Larson's Tales From the Far Side is an animated short film created in 1994 by Gary Larson, based on his The Far Side comic strip.
Starring Richard Briers, it was written by John Kane.
Each episode aims to explain a single incident by analyzing the causes and circumstances that ultimately effected the disaster.
The show is now live on Tuesday to Thursday and then TRL Weekend on Friday, each day from 5pm to 6pm EST.
It was presented by Christian athlete, Jonathan Edwards.
The third season of Moccasin Flats was nominated for three Gemini Awards.
Three's Company is an American sitcom that aired for eight seasons on ABC from March 15, 1977 to September 18, 1984.
Desmond's is a British television situation comedy broadcast by Channel 4 from 1989 to 1994.
Full-length episodes featuring the online content and all-new material were released in 2013.
The "Young Talent Team" performed popular classic songs along with the top hit songs of the day.
Brigada Siete was an investigative news television show in the Philippines on GMA Network from December 5, 1993 to September 29, 2001.
The second season aired during spring 2006, with actress replacing Bernhard as the host.
The show's ratings were disappointing due to the daily air period.
Il était une fois… l'Espace is a French/Japanese animated science fiction TV series from 1982, directed by Albert Barillé.
World in Action was sold around the world.
From 1 January 1974, Lincolnshire and parts of Yorkshire and North Norfolk transferred to Yorkshire Television.
She also has frequent flashbacks of Meera's attack on her.
Collectively, 205 episodes of SOS and The Big Build have been broadcast, while Garden SOS aired for one series in 2003.
There were originally plans by Galoob to release a Dinosaucers toyline, and prototype figures were produced; however, the line was scrapped after the show was canceled.
The series starred Andrew Clarke, Tracey Mann and Alan Fletcher.
My Old Man is a popular but short-lived English sitcom starring Clive Dunn as retired and embittered engine driver Sam Cobbett.
The five characters soon discovered that the minister was actually poisoned.
Syfy announced on December 16, 2010 that it would not be picking up Stargate Universe for a third season.
Phillip Glasser, Dom DeLuise and Cathy Cavadini were the only actors from the film to reprise their roles, as Fievel, Tiger and Tanya respectively.
John L. Green created the central characters and developed the core format of this series, which was produced by Jack Chertok.
Starting 1978, each episode lasted 60 minutes.
The Footy Show is a Logie Award-winning Australian sports and variety entertainment television program.
Chico the Rainmaker was a British film serial made by Eyeline Films and the Children's Film Foundation.
Run separately from the rest of Global's news division, the program often reflected the political views of Global's founder, Israel Asper and the Asper family.
By the Sword Divided is a British television series produced by the BBC between 1983 and 1985.
The events of The New Tomorrow follow the final episode of series five of The Tribe.
B. J. and the Bear is an American comedy series which aired on NBC from 1979 to 1981.
The show was co-produced by WITF-TV in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
   Bill Baldwin, Forbes editor
Big Love received widespread critical acclaim, and earned several major awards and nominations throughout its run.
The show was known for its many formats and host changes over the years that it was broadcast.
The third and final host of Hot Tracks was Gene Anthony Ray, from the motion picture Fame and the television series it spawned.
At the time it aired, The Adventures of the Galaxy Rangers was considered a revolutionary children's show.
The series was influenced by physical performers such as Jacques Tati and comic actors from silent films.
82 on TV Guide's 100 Greatest Episodes of All Time.
The show was a weekly topical sketch comedy series focusing on political and cultural satire and was one of the most popular Canadian television shows.
Streatham Hill is a real London suburb, while Bromwell is fictional.
The core trio are all felines being pursued by three canine foes.
It was produced for Canadian television and shown in prime time on Global Television Network.
Survivorman is a Canadian-produced television program, broadcast in Canada on the Outdoor Life Network, and internationally on Discovery Channel and Science Channel.
Atletico Partick is a Scottish sitcom that aired on BBC from 1995 to 1996.
Ireland AM is an Irish morning television show on TV3.
F1 Decade was not renewed for 2006; if it had been, it would have looked back at Damon Hill's championship season in 1996.
I'm Alan Partridge is a 1997 BBC situation comedy starring Steve Coogan and written by Coogan, Peter Baynham and Armando Iannucci.
Each series had thirteen episodes, most but not all written by Carpenter, who also published two books based on the scripts.
It was written and narrated by comedian and writer Victor Lewis-Smith, who shared writing duties with Paul Sparks.
The theme tune is "Boys Will Be Boys" by the Ordinary Boys.
It was the network's first game show, debuting the day the network launched.
A Peaceable Kingdom is an American television drama series that aired in fall 1989 on CBS.
It also aired on Nick Jr. in 2000 and on Canadian television networks such as APTN and SCN.
The series concluded on September 10, 2006.
The designers are given a specified amount of time and cash to create their designs, sometimes working alone and sometimes in teams.
Sana Maulit Muli is a Filipino primetime soap opera produced by ABS-CBN.
They deliver the half time report, post game report and live in-game updates.
It was hoped that this cameo would help boost awareness of the new show, and thus generate a larger audience.
The series was originally broadcast on NBC from 1984 to 1985 and moved to ABC in 1986.
Spock is a fictional character in the Star Trek media franchise.
Some of the events include horseback riding, riding Segway scooters, and visiting Niagara Falls.
They trained for two months and played afterwards against the most successful soccer team of Finland, HJK.
The show premiered on CBS on September 24, 2007.
The film is directed by Jake West, who co-wrote the movie with Barbara Werner.
The series ran on the BBC from 1956–60 and from 1971–72.
It premiered in Canada in April 2006 on the Outdoor Life Network.
Scarborough Country was replaced with Live with Dan Abrams in 2007 when Scarborough left to host Morning Joe.
The Wonder Years is an American television comedy-drama created by Neal Marlens and Carol Black.
Pufnstuf was ranked #22 and #27 on TV Guide's Top Cult Shows Ever.
It is currently taped at the Michael Schimmel Center for the Arts at Pace University's New York City campus.
Batman Beyond is an American animated television series developed by Bruce Timm, Paul Dini, and Alan Burnett and produced by Warner Bros.
The teleplay introduced William Devane as John F. Kennedy and cast Martin Sheen as United States Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy.
It has won the Gemini viewers' choice award, a testament to the popularity of the show in Canada.
The game continues as far as player gives correct answers, then the other contestant starts.
Up to a million people tuned into each of the series finales.
The show's instant success is widely credited with the launch of Cyrus's career and her establishment as a teen idol.
New Monkees was the name of both a U.S. pop rock music group, and a 1987 syndicated television show featuring the group.
is an American Western television series broadcast on the CBS television network during the Fall 1971 television season.
My Dad's the Prime Minister is a British sitcom written by Ian Hislop and Nick Newman.
by parodying the formulaic structure of most mainstream shows and asking questions about social and political matters from pop stars.
Partible pitched the series to Hanna-Barbera's animation showcase What a Cartoon!, basing it on his senior thesis project he produced while attending Loyola Marymount University.
First-run episodes aired from the premiere until April 19, 1985, and reruns aired until sometime in August 1985.
The show originated as a pilot in 1983 hosted by Gene Rayburn called Party Line.
Three contestants answered trivia questions on movies, music, and television, many of which were presented in skit format.
The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin is a series of novels that were developed into a British sitcom starring Leonard Rossiter in the title role.
The Ellen Show also starred Cloris Leachman, Martin Mull, Kerri Kenney, Jim Gaffigan, and Emily Rutherfurd.
It was first broadcast in 2004, by CBBC.
It was formerly broadcast on BBC One from 1986 to 2000.
The concept of the show was to select a pair of India's best singers/performers.
Despite being nominated for two Primetime Emmy Awards, only five episodes were produced, and only three of them were aired before cancellation.
The shorts have also aired on Nickelodeon UK, Disney Channel, MBC 3, CBeebies, ZDF, MiniMini+, NRK, RTÉ, and La Cinquième.
Nickelodeon Robot Wars is a game show that aired on Nickelodeon from August 25, 2002 to October 6, 2002.
Written by Austin Melford, only one series of five 30-minute episodes was produced.
The insignia of the titular heroic spy team has also become the current logo for Tsuburaya Productions.
When her twin brother Andrew dislocates his knee just before a big race, their father is forced to go to Europe to find a replacement rider.
The 1 gains money for every Mob member eliminated, but loses all winnings with an incorrect answer at any point.
for a 14th and 15th season of 22 episodes each.
All of the martial arts were done by the actors themselves, and were directed by Soares.
A sequel series, The Legend of Korra, aired from 2012 to 2014.
The series was specially commissioned by BBC One for the millennium, and had a budget of around GBP2 million.
Ang Dating Daan is a religious radio and television program in the Philippines produced by the Members of the Church of God International.
The guests would "flip" through the many hundreds of satellite channels looking for something interesting.
It premiered on the Hallmark Channel in 2003.
It aired on MBC from August 26 to September 24, 2002 on Mondays and Tuesdays at 21:55 for 10 episodes.
The Steamie is available to view in full on the STV Player in Scotland.
Angela Anaconda is a Canadian–American children's television series created by Joanna Ferrone and Sue Rose, the latter of whom who also voices the title character.
He spends a lot of time trying to get with the ladies, and less time doing his work.
MTV scouts were drawn to the city's emerging comedy scene and noticed Laura House, Howard Kremer and Brad "Chip" Pope.
It was a spin-off of the weekly gag show Wow Mali and a combination of the latter and Ogags.
Occasionally, special guests visit, normally to demonstrate a special skill or performance.
Frankenstein: The True Story is a 1973 British and American made-for-television horror film loosely based on the novel Frankenstein by Mary Shelley.
NASCAR Now is a NASCAR news and analysis show that aired year round Tuesday through Saturday as a thirty-minute show at 2:00am ET on ESPN2.
In 2003 the sequel for this telenovela Mirada de mujer: El Regreso was produced.
In 2013, TV Guide ranked it #55 on its list of the 60 Best Series of All Time.
Each episode was hosted by one Degrassi actor, although other actors participated in the series as well.
Stars on Trial uses basically the same concept as Video on Trial.
Punk'd is an American hidden camera-practical joke reality television series that first aired on MTV in 2003.
The show was produced by Yongestreet Productions through the mid-1980s; it was later produced by Gaylord Entertainment, which distributed the show in syndication.
Dragon Fighter is a Sci Fi Pictures original film that premiered on January 4, 2003 and was directed by Phillip J. Roth.
It mainly consists of archive footage, with Curtis narrating.
Allan Burns, co-creator of My Mother the Car, went on to create several critically acclaimed shows, including The Mary Tyler Moore Show, Rhoda, and Lou Grant.
The only cast member to appear in both series was Ben Ellison as Jason Brown.
Early storylines include the setting up of the new National Health Service and the modernisation of the medical practice at Arden House, Tannochbrae, Scotland.
Her other work includes being the face of Barclays Bank and BBC America.
It aired as reruns on the Disney Channel until September 9, 2002.
Deadliest Catch is a documentary television series produced by Original Productions for the Discovery Channel.
The show was broadcast in Ireland under its original Canadian title.
It was similar in format to Narodniy Artist, and was the Russian version of the British show The X Factor, created by Simon Cowell.
Kaley Cuoco, Amy Davidson and Martin Spanjers co-starred as their teenage kids; Bridget, Kerry and Rory Hennessy.
The original hosts were Army Armstrong and Scott Douglass, with Kris Chapman later added as a pit reporter.
The seventh season moved to the Nine Network and began airing on 11 August 2013.
The series played fast and loose with historical events and persons, and often parodied them for comical effect.
The filming was done using hidden cameras in a button and a briefcase.
The Henry Rollins Show was a weekly talk show hosted by musician Henry Rollins on the Independent Film Channel.
A high roller, also referred to as a whale, is a gambler who wagers large amounts of money.
Carpenter wrote a companion novel for the series for Puffin Books in 1977.
For the Canadian TV documentary series FANatical, see FANatical.
The Renegades is an American mystery crime drama series about a street gang that becomes a special police undercover unit in order to avoid jail time.
Two series, each consisting of 13 episodes, were produced, alongside a Christmas special.
Hyundai New Zealand is the show’s naming rights sponsor, with previous sponsors including The National Bank, financial services company AMP, and Tux dog biscuits.
Anna's Dream is a 2002 television film directed by Colin Bickley.
Roper's chamber works in defence, while Scammel—Roper's one-time mentor—works for prosecution.
The US cable network G4 aired the first two episodes on July 25, 2009.
Grace Under Fire was the highest rated new comedy of the 1993–94 season.
These were taken from the personal collection of the director, Maurice Murphy.
The events of this feature take place before the last scene of the series finale, and are intended to conclude unfinished plotlines.
The third and fourth "Toronto" seasons were eventually shown on the Showtime cable channel; they currently rerun all four seasons on their specialty "Showtime Women" channel.
The New Yogi Bear Show is a 30-minute weekday animated series which aired in syndication in 1988.
The show also aired simultaneously on The Filipino Channel and on a one-week delay on International Channel in the United States.
I Dream is a British children's musical television comedy programme aimed at and mostly about teenagers, which aired in 2004.
Sabrina the Teenage Witch is a 1996 American television film adaptation based on the comic book series of the same name from Archie Comics.
Casting has begun globally on a series of 10 episodes, and interested parties are encouraged to go to the casting website.
It was not until 1990–1991 and the first Gulf War that the show began to follow the news.
Evelien is a Dutch dramedy television series made for broadcaster Net 5.
It remains one of the BBC's most watched children's programs and due to its popularity was repeated on CBeebies until late 2012.
The cast included Angus Sampson as Effie's cousin Dimi.
Me, You and Him is a British television sitcom, that aired on ITV from 30 July to 3 September 1992.
While being vaguely based on Arthurian legend, its plot is set after the death of King Arthur and completely different from the traditional legends.
Surf Girls is a reality television show on MTV that aired from May 12, 2003 to July 7, 2003.
The cast comprised mainly non-professional actors, which added to the show's sense of realism.
Martin had a catchphrase, "If Yan can cook, so can you!
", recited by the wolf when his plans fail.
The television show ran on CBS, NBC and also in syndication.
The series takes place in a winery in China in around 1900–1930.
Local newscasts on Radio-Canada stations used to be known as Ce Soir.
The series was broadcast on weekend mornings on various BBC television channels for five series, running between 31 August 2002 and 11 March 2006.
From 1985-1988, he coached under Barry Switzer, a member of the College Football Hall of Fame and Super Bowl winning coach.
The show aired from 1993 to 2000 on ABC, part of the network's TGIF lineup.
Infonet ceased operation from 1 January 2008.
It is produced by WNET in New York City.
The show faced a decline in ratings from a peak level of 10 million viewers to 4.8 million and was eventually cancelled in 2001.
The Complete Guide to Parenting is a British television comedy drama series broadcast on ITV in 2006.
The book is set in a fictional French village called "Clochemerle", inspired by Vaux-en-Beaujolais, and situated in the Beaujolais region.
Amanda Peterson played Joe Gardner's granddaughter Sunny Sisk and Trey Ames played Gardner's grandson, David Sisk.
The series stars Clayton Rohner, Richard Brooks and Marshall Bell.
Deep Jungle is a three-part miniseries that originally aired on PBS on consecutive Sundays from April 17 to May 1, 2005.
It was filmed primarily in Los Angeles, California.
Until 2007, all episodes of the show were narrated by Stacy Keach.
Lupita Ferrer and Ricardo Blume starred as stellar performances.
The castle of Casale, seen being besieged in the opening credits, was filmed at Château Gaillard in France.
The gimmick of the show was that most things had to be performed backwards.
The series was created by Robert Mittenthal, Will McRobb, and Chris Viscardi.
Johnny Bravo is an American animated television series created by Van Partible for Cartoon Network, and the second of the network's Cartoon Cartoons.
The show is semi-autobiographical; it was inspired by the then-recent separation of Moffat and his first wife.
The Nightmare Room originally aired from August 31, 2001, to March 16, 2002, in the United States.
Originally launched on 11 September 2005 as Sunday AM, the show was renamed The Andrew Marr Show for the new series in September 2007.
Set in a suburb of Wellington, it originally revolved around the trials and tribulations of the Hearte family.
The game challenges contestants in all aspects of their passion, such as, sports, music, history, literature, famous persons, etc.
It marked the beginnings of the collaboration between Vic Reeves and Bob Mortimer and started their Vic and Bob comedy double act.
It starred Harry Capehorn, Coshti Dowden, Lucinda Rhodes-Flaherty and Gemma Baker.
Each episode follows the same pattern: Rodge, the dumber of the two, arrives home.
A major revision of the site was launched July 1, 2006.
The show used a "Little Theater Screen", upon which the camera would zoom before cartoons such as Clutch Cargo and Space Angel were broadcast.
Then Sandi proceeds to walk each family member through the meals they are preparing this week.
Steve Richards is a British TV presenter and political columnist.
FT's terrestrial broadcasts moved from Citytv to the CTV network in January 2008.
Cool Money is a 2005 American television film starring James Marsters.
The show was an early hit for the fledgling Fox network, and was created to attract a younger audience.
The title role of Wizadora was initially played by Connie Booth in an unaired pilot before Cathy Lawday played the title role for Oxford University Press.
The Pain Clinic is a pro wrestling talk show that airs Saturday mornings on FOX Sports 1280 Rochester in Rochester, New York.
The show featured all series regulars except Tim McInnerny and Hugh Laurie with Warren Clarke as a guest star.
On January 9, 2006, the drama series came back in television under the direction of Eric Salud and Jerome Pobocan.
The show had contributing correspondents, most with their own dedicated segment:
The show follows a cat named Waldo who daydreams of being a superhero and defeating the villainous bulldog Tyrone.
Like off-set episodes, these spin-offs are set outside the usual location of Albert Square.
Kathy's So-Called Reality is a television clip show that aired in 2001, hosted by comedian and former Suddenly Susan star Kathy Griffin.
George of the Jungle is an American animated television series produced by Jay Ward and Bill Scott, who created The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show.
The main character was voiced by veteran voice actor Dallas McKennon.
It later moved to the Outdoor Life Network.
In the fall of 2016 Judge Hatchett is back on television.
Amanda Burton originally starred as primary character Dr. Sam Ryan, before leaving the show during the eighth series.
It was revived briefly in 1991 by the original producer, Peter Grattan when he became TVNZ's Head of Entertainment
TV 101 is an American drama series that aired on CBS from 1988 until 1989.
Red vs. Blue is the longest running episodic web series and second longest running web series of all time.
Detective Sergeant Frank McKay was Patrick's often hot-headed son, while Vincent's cruel but inept son, Augie, was nonetheless his heir apparent.
Lil' Bush is a satirical, politically themed animated television series which premiered on June 13, 2007 on Comedy Central.
Additional episodes were intended to show Beans's mother Susan, wrongly believing herself to be a widow, re-entering the dating scene.
It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown is the 36th prime-time animated TV special based on the popular comic strip Peanuts, by Charles M. Schulz.
The show also features mini-episodes of adventures of other bizarre superheroes.
The show began on February 21 as a daytime series at 3pm ET.
Master of Champions is a show which began airing June 22, 2006 on ABC.
Tales from Pleasure Beach is a British television drama series first broadcast on BBC Two between 2 and 16 August 2001.
It followed the lives of the members of a dysfunctional family, their maid and the doorman of the apartment building in which they lived.
The segments were combined and turned into a 53-minute feature-length film in 1985.
The series was executive produced by Rob LaZebnik, Peter Murrieta, Howard Klein and David Miner.
Ein Herz und eine Seele is a German cult sitcom based on the British sitcom Till Death Us Do Part by Johnny Speight.
It follows a pink anthropomorphic dog who lives with a married elderly couple in the middle of Nowhere.
He was an annual event in the Holland Central School district's "Let's Give America a Chance" career day.
Reruns of Freewheelers were shown on the British satellite television channel Film 24 in 2010, and in 2017 on Talking Pictures TV.
Oddie presented an update of some of the featured animals later in 2004.
This provides a much broader view of the personality and interests of the star.
It was produced by Vancouver-based production company Mainframe Entertainment, Alliance Communications and BLT Productions.
Burlinson and Symons did not return for season four and were replaced by Brian McFadden and Kyle Sandilands.
On the centenary of Mahler's birth, the composer and known Mahler conductor Leonard Bernstein described Das Lied von der Erde as Mahler's "greatest symphony".
It was broadcast on the channel Lifetime.
It was also removed from the lineups of both Comedy Central and the WB.
Ocean Girl is an Australian science fiction TV series aimed for family audiences and starring Marzena Godecki as the lead character.
A later program at 11pm ET/PT airs on Univision affiliates without a local news department, leading into the network's 11:30pm newscast, Noticiero Univision Edicion Nocturna.
It was shown on the channel Animal Planet.
The 27-minute television documentary was produced by HBO in conjunction with the Tourette Syndrome Association, and first aired on HBO on November 12, 2005.
Factory announced that they would release "Choriki Sentai Ohranger: The Complete Series" on DVD in North America in November, 2016.
The last episode was broadcast on February 22, 2007 with Lola...Érase una vez replacing it the following day.
The Family Genius was a TV series aired in the United States from September 9 to September 30, 1949.
A senior executive at NBC, Dr. Rosalyn Weinman, developed the campaign and wrote most of the on-air PSAs after putting an advisory council together.
Debuting on February 13, 2011, It was anchored by Adam Alexander with Jeff Hammond and Sam Hornish, Jr. as analysts on Sunday episodes.
The show originates from CBS Television City in Los Angeles.
It won an Emmy Award in September 2005.
Access Hollywood is an American weekday television entertainment news program that premiered on September 9, 1996.
It was set in India and Burma, during the last months of the Second World War, starting just prior to V-E Day in 1945.
The show is executive produced by Quincy D. Jones III.
Dark Kingdom: The Dragon King had a theatrical release in the United Kingdom on November 19, 2004.
The Rudy and GoGo World Famous Cartoon Show was a programming block of cartoons for TNT during the mid-1990s.
Unlike most Nicktoons, Pelswick is not rerun on NickSplat.
Then, it was then titled "Small Business 2000."
The winners of each qualifying game won a silver commemorative poker chip and advanced to the championship game.
Not Like Everyone Else is a 2006 television film that aired on Lifetime Television and starred Alia Shawkat, Illeana Douglas and Eric Schweig.
In the context of this show, Bognor was not seen as an upmarket resort and was therefore a satirical booby prize.
It was produced for the BBC by the independent Red Production Company, and created by Paul Abbott.
It ran for 46 episodes from 30 October 1999 to 12 July 2003.
Redemption Hill involved a course of discipline and adventure activities, as organised by a "warden".
Sahil's older brother Ranbir then agrees to marry Rashi.
Contrary to its name, Jimmy Kimmel Live!
The series completed its run following broadcast of its sixth season on April 13, 2009, with a total of 107 episodes.
Its musical director was Roger Elcourt, composer Jean Morlier.
The programme featured Ross's take on current topics of conversation, guest interviews and live music from both a guest music group and the house band.
Other major cast members included Alexandra Bastedo, Brian Blessed, Paul Maxwell and Stefan Gryff.
For the radio show, see Adam and Joe
Throughout its run, Avatar: The Last Airbender was universally acclaimed by audiences and critics alike.
Despite good reviews from critics, the show was not renewed for a second season.
The episode also features television and film actress, Debi Mazar and actor/director Vincent Gallo as dancers on the show.
Kerri-Anne is an Australian morning television program shown on the Nine Network, hosted by Kerri-Anne Kennerley.
It kept the 3D computer animation style while it focused on Lyoko, the Digital Sea and the Cortex, while live-action for the real world.
Starved is an American television sitcom that aired for one season on FX for seven episodes in 2005.
Ford Star Jubilee is an American anthology series that aired once a month on Saturday nights on CBS at 9:00 P.M., E.S.T.
An official series finale, titled Company Halt, aired on March 16, 2007.
David is having an affair with Elaine, his secretary at work.
The series was originally produced by Black Pearl Entertainment but is currently produced by Telepictures Productions and AND Syndicated Productions, while distributed by Warner Bros. Television.
The Riordans was the second Irish soap opera made by Raidio Telefís Éireann.
Clips from the show are posted on the Comedy Central website as well as on Hulu and Netflix.
In an allusion to the popular song released by Pat Shortt, visitors are given a complimentary "Jumbo Breakfast Roll" upon their arrival.
It has now been converted to Flash format.
The festival feeds higher-quality submissions onto the television show, and is used as a developmental vehicle for up-and-coming animators.
All music was performed live by the Dancing with the Stars band, led by musical director Carl Doy.
Subsequently, the series has never been released on DVD.
If accepted, Unsolved Mysteries posts a video of the viewer describing the mystery.
The miniseries is based upon the critically acclaimed 1982 novel of the same name by Gloria Naylor.
The Parade does not receive any public funding.
The TV show was originally presented by Justin Fletcher, Katy Stephens, Karl Woolley, Alex Lovell and Dave Benson Phillips alongside a costumed character named Rozzie.
This was due to a production break caused by the untimely death of Producer Peter Summerton.
In this version of the show, Tarzan was portrayed as a blond environmentalist, with Jane turned into a French ecologist.
Miami Animal Police is an American documentary reality television series that premiered on January 5, 2004 on Animal Planet.
Big Brother México was launched by Televisa in 2002.
KEPT-LP is a low power radio station broadcasting from Hayward, California.
The series aired from June 20, 2001, to July 3, 2003, on Comedy Central.
Dark Skies is an American UFO conspiracy theory–based sci-fi television series.
The fourth series follows on from season three's predicament and was helmed by a new director, and began airing on 29 October 2012.
State of the Planet is a three-part environmental documentary series, made by the BBC Natural History Unit, transmitted in November 2000.
The Canadian racing driver Ron Fellows was an occasional guest co-host from 2008 to 2010.
The syndicated version garnered substantially higher ratings than its network version did, eventually becoming the highest rated sitcom in first-run syndication.
143 other episodes were broadcast - all half-an-hour long except for a 1959 one-hour live special.
In 2004, the program moved to Chelsea Market.
The show was then renamed Code Lyoko: Evolution, and premiered 19 December 2012.
In 1978, a selection of episodes from the later series Scooby's All-Stars and The Scooby-Doo Show were aired on ABC under the Scooby-Doo, Where Are You!
Until October 2007, the programme ran for two hours, and aired between 12pm and 2pm, under the name of Lunchtime Live.
Edith González was later replaced by Felicia Mercado midway through the telenovela.
Real World/Road Rules Challenge: Battle of the Seasons is the fifth season of the MTV reality game show, The Challenge.
It is hosted by Ryan Seacrest and Maria Sansone.
The Keenen Ivory Wayans Show is a late night syndicated television talk show hosted by Keenen Ivory Wayans.
The show's second and third seasons and the three television movie sequels were filmed in color.
After a successful run, the series was given a vote of confidence as Seven moved the show to a more competitive Tuesday night timeslot.
It originally aired on Nickelodeon for three seasons beginning July 20, 2002, and the final episode aired on November 25, 2006.
DragonflyTV is an Emmy Award winning science education television series produced by Twin Cities Public Television, broadcast on most PBS stations.
Figure It Out is an American children's panel game show that airs on Nickelodeon.
The cast featured many popular and renowned Swedish actors, and the show has often been referred to as Sweden's version of Dynasty.
There were twelve volumes released with the first eleven having four episodes per DVD and the twelfth volume with five episodes.
Although fans wished to see the videos on DVD, MTV never cleared the music rights for any purposes beyond their television airings.
It lasted for one series of twenty-six episodes.
The series is a spin-off of Growing Pains, in which Kirchenbauer portrayed the same character on a recurring basis.
ABC originally broadcast NBA games from 1965 to 1973.
I'm just trying to be a better person.
It first aired on April 7, 1999, and concluded its third and final season on October 2, 2000.
In Canada, the series aired uninterruptedly on Family Channel and Disney Junior until December 31, 2012.
In Mexico and Latin America, it was broadcast on ZAZ.
Good Eats is the third longest running Food Network series, behind 30 Minute Meals and Barefoot Contessa.
Alphabet Castle is an educational children's television program produced in the UK and created by Michael Cole.
The show's first season aired on ABC and is set in the 1940s during World War II.
It was presented by Vernon Corea and produced by Keith Yeomans.
Originally, the program's title was The Funtastic Treasure Hunt.
As of July 18, due to the success, episodes began to air on Fridays at 11:15 pm, hours after being changed were broadcast at 10:00 pm.
Despite the show's success in its brief five episode run, Global never picked up the show for a full-season run.
Similar to Hanna-Barbera's Josie and the Pussycats, it used contemporary rock music to attract more viewers.
The theme tune, "Reflections", was written by John Renbourn.
Later, Boyce co-wrote songs for The Monkees.
Initial episodes narrowed 50 semi-finalists down to 18 finalists.
Delilah & Julius is a Canadian animated series which is targeted at children and young teens and is animated using Macromedia Flash technology.
Comedian Glenn Robbins plays Russell Coight, a survival and wildlife expert who charts his disastrous travels through Australia, spreading misinformation and causing accidents.
It commenced broadcasting on 19 October 2006.
Megastructures focuses on constructions that are extreme; in the sense that they are the biggest, tallest, longest, or deepest in the world.
The first ESPN Sunday night broadcast occurred on November 8, 1987, while the last one aired on January 1, 2006.
Kavyanjali is an Indian television romantic drama series that aired on STAR Plus.
Gabriela Rivero starred as main protagonist, while Janet Ruiz and Beatriz Moreno starred as main antagonists.
Production was co-ordinated by the Dave Edwards Studio in Cardiff, although the shows were animated in Moscow by Soyuzmultfilm, using a variety of animation techniques.
The show was hosted by Hacken Lee and Joey Leung in the first two seasons, who both acted as two of its judges.
It provides news and features primarily around Davao City and the entire Southern Mindanao.
The series portrays the difficulties he faces as he tries to balance the conflicting requirements of his home life and his criminal organization.
In cycle 14, Alexander left the panel and was replaced by André Leon Talley, but continued as the series' runway coach.
The show proved to be popular in Germany, but its English-dubbed version had also gained a cult following with UK viewers.
The most-viewed episode of the series featured the heavy metal band, The Tony Danza Tapdance Extravaganza, and their appearance followed an email from a viewer.
Showbiz Tonight is an American entertainment news program that aired from February 20, 2005, until February 6, 2014, on HLN.
It was hosted by former congressman Joe Scarborough.
Darts coverage on television was in its infancy, with the News of the World Darts Championship having just begun to be broadcast on ITV in 1972.
Canada: A People's History is a 17-episode, 32-hour documentary television series on the history of Canada.
The series is a re-telling of the adventures of Sinbad from The Arabian Nights.
He was unable to clean them, but in the end the mud was washed off.
The show is known in Afrikaans as Egoli: Plek van Goud.
In 2000, it was made into a television series, produced by the BBC.
Set in "the near future"—originally the year 2018 in the first season—seaQuest DSV originally mixed high drama with realistic scientific fiction.
The creators also voice two of the main B-plot characters: Major Monogram and Dr. Doofenshmirtz.
Danny Phantom has spawned video games, home video releases, as well as toys and various other merchandise.
In the first episode of that season Iron Chef UK chef Judy Joo competed on the US show against Iron Chef Guarnaschelli as an Iron Chef.
Because of the time required to bring a garment onto the market, designers must at times anticipate changes to consumer tastes.
The show's budget for the first and second seasons was approximately US$1.6 million.
WildC.A.T.s is a half-hour animated television series based on the comics series of the same name.
Many politicians also approved of the program.
America This Morning is an American early morning television news program that is broadcast on ABC.
Dev Null, Soledad's animated barista co-host was voiced by Leo Laporte, who later became an anchor personality on TechTV, hosting multiple shows.
All six series have been released on DVD in the UK.
The sequel, titled Triumph in the Skies II, aired on TVB Jade on 15 July 2013.
is an American game show that aired on CBS from April 23, 1979, until May 30, 1980.
The German-language version, Die Nibelungen, was shown on the German television channel Sat.1 on November 29 and 30, 2004.
This Hour Has 22 Minutes is a weekly Canadian television comedy that airs on CBC Television.
Christopher Plummer narrated, with the voice of David the Gnome being provided by Tom Bosley.
Actions included publishing fictional names and presenting a member of the production team as a 'winner'.
Klein loved the idea and asked Sontag who would write it.
The film features Dyan Cannon, Martin Mull, Sarah Michelle Gellar and Ryan O'Donohue as the main cast and was aired on ABC.
Created by Aaron Sorkin, the half-hour prime time comedy-drama aired on ABC for two seasons, from 1998 to 2000.
Sparked by their on-screen romance in the third season of VH1's The Surreal Life, it is a spin-off that focused solely on Brigitte and Flav.
The program replaced the award-winning Debate with Mare at Pare in which it aired for almost a decade.
Newsnight has been broadcast on BBC2 since 1980.
