ARY Zauq launched in 2009 and was available on Paksat 1 satellite at 38.0°E, free to air.
The station's programming is in English and French.
WBNG-TV is the CBS-affiliated television station for the Eastern Twin Tiers of Southern Upstate New York and Northern Pennsylvania.
WBKI-TV's main programming can be seen on UHF channel 51.5 and Movies!
LAT TV was a Houston-based Spanish-language television network that launched in May 2006 and ceased operation two years later.
After company employees destroyed the interior of the building whilst moving out, the building required refurbishment before being placed on sale.
The channel was rebranded as Viasat Film Drama on 3 March 2012 and timeshifts with Disney Junior from 7pm to 6am.
The channel was originally a joint venture between multi-platform digital television company Enteraction TV and trade body All Industry Marketing for fashion, cinema and publicity.
WCWJ, virtual channel 17, is a CW-affiliated television station located in Jacksonville, Florida, United States.
The two stations share studios located on Raymond Road in Madison, and its transmitter is located on Mineral Point Road in the city's Middleton Junction section.
Nova Life is a Greek satellite television channel that is owned by Forthnet, who own and operate Nova a DTH satellite service.
K17ET was a low-power television station licensed to Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
It mainly airs American and British TV Series.
KMYS, virtual channel 35, is a CW-affiliated television station serving San Antonio, Texas, United States that is licensed to Kerrville.
The station can also be seen on Charter channel 10 and in high definition on digital channel 782.
It is one of four Sportsnet regional feeds.
This station also aired separate on-air identifications and local commercials.
It broadcast terrestrially only in Athens and via satellite to the rest of Greece and Cyprus.
WLIO's affiliation with The CW ended on September 17, 2008, and was not renewed.
TV4 has entered an agreement with the Norwegian TV 2 Group to launch the channel in Norway under the name TV 2 Science Fiction in 2009.
TV1Mreža airs popular series, movies and sports programs to viewers in BiH.
Established by the Dakota Territorial Assembly in 1883, six years before the establishment of the state of North Dakota, it is the state's oldest.
WCCT-TV, virtual channel 20, is a television station licensed to Waterbury, Connecticut and serving as the CW-affiliate for the Hartford-New Haven television market.
Founded January 24, 1996, the station is owned by Charles R. Meeker.
DZOZ-TV is a UHF digital television station of ZOE Broadcasting Network.
It provides live matches of the Fußball-Bundesliga free-to-air every Saturday evening.
VH1 Brasil was a music channel from Viacom-owned Viacom International Media Networks The Americas.
BYUtv broadcasts all of its original content, and most acquired content, worldwide online via its website.
i24NEWS is an Israeli international 24-hour news and current affairs television channel located in Jaffa Port, Tel Aviv, Israel.
It was the working title of a proposed general entertainment channel.
DXXT-TV Channel 4 is a television station of Philippine television network GMA Network.
The channel relaunched as Disney Junior on 29 May 2011.
The stations share studios and offices in Teaneck, New Jersey, and its transmitter is based at its facility in Middle Island.
Zappelin is a Dutch television program block for children that together with Zapp broadcasts on NPO 3 during daytime.
The channel was launched on 1 September 2015 and replaced TV24 News, after the news channel was removed due to non-renewal of contract.
The station is owned by Northstar Media, LLC, and is carried on several cable systems in the Phoenix area.
They aired experimental programming featuring video jockeys, artists who worked with video as a medium.
Syndicated programming on KWES/KWAB includes: The Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Doctors, Inside Edition, and Dr. Phil among others.
Cottage Life is a Canadian English language Category A specialty channel owned by Blue Ant Media.
Cartoon Network Pakistan timings are according to PST.
The channel launched on October 1, 2005, becoming the sixth Discovery network to launch in Italy.
The channel features programming focusing on the fields of wilderness survival, ufology, manufacturing, construction, technology, space, prehistory and animal science.
The New York Times and the Associated Press describes Al-Quds TV as "pro-Hamas."
The channel was created in 2011 during the Libyan Civil War.
The terrestrial signal of CCTV-1 is free-to-air across China.
Its varied line-up contains all kinds of programming.
KITV's studios are located on South King Street in downtown Honolulu, and its main transmitter is located on Palehua Ridge, north of Makakilo.
It is owned and operated by ABS-CBN Corporation with some of its programs produced and licensed by ABS-CBN Sports.
It has manufacturing facilities in Sri Lanka, Hong Kong, and Thailand.
Estil 9 is a Spanish television channel, launched in 2010.
According to the mission statement on its website the objectives of Hidayat TV includes developing the Muslim community by covering various educational, welfare and religious needs.
Programming from JML continued to broadcast in its place for a time.
Its studios are located at ABS-CBN Broadcast Center, 2/F CAP Building, Balintawak St. corner F.R.
Its studios are located at the GMA Complex, Nivel Hills, Apas, Cebu City and the transmitter is located at Brgy.
WMUN-CD is a class A station license in New York.
The channel was established in 1995 as part of a deal between The City of Tallahassee and Comcast.
WFTY-DT, virtual channel 67, is a UniMás owned-and-operated television station serving Long Island, New York, United States that is licensed to Smithtown.
As a result, Luken moved RTV operations to its headquarters in Chattanooga, Tennessee, and dropped all Equity-owned affiliates, including KCBU.
Although it features additional reporters from WTVY, this station maintains separate news anchors and a meteorologist.
This station is also available on Bell TV channel 111 and in high definition on channel 1813.
It also offers experience for students in areas such meteorology, sales, business, art, and graphic design.
WHEC-TV is owned by Saint Paul, Minnesota-based Hubbard Broadcasting, and broadcasts from a studio/office facility located on East Avenue in Downtown Rochester.
WCBS-TV, channel 2, is the flagship station of the CBS Television Network, located in New York City.
Its studio is located at Purok 3, Brgy.
3+ Estonia is a private television channel, owned by the Modern Times Group broadcasting to the Russian language minority in Estonia from the United Kingdom.
It is owned by Univision Communications and is targeted at the Hispanic and Latino community in the United States.
is an American Spanish-language children's television channel.
MBC Bollywood broadcasts the latest Bollywood movies and premieres the best from Bollywood.
Intereconomía TV currently has programs including news, politics, health, travel, entertainment and sports.
It is the successor to Star Plus, which is now one of its sister channels.
C Music TV is an international music television channel dedicated to classical and soundtrack music videos.
It brought the latest of new series, including two Asian TV premiere series, as well as returning to first seasons of almost all programs already aired.
The channel pays respect, love, and gratitude towards women.
UR used in-vision presenters for their programmes until January 2007, when in-vision continuity was abolished.
The station is usually carried on channel 7 on most cable systems in the market.
Geo Entertainment or Geo Drama is a Pakistani entertainment television channel owned by Geo Television Network was established in May 2002.
Its studios are located at the UNTV Building, 907 Brgy.
On 1 October 2012, TLC extended its broadcasting time from 03:00pm until 02:00am.
The station was converted on August 31, 1970 into a closed-circuit network named "TAGER".
The Channel airs programming promoting peace and understanding between Jews and Arabs as part of the peaceful existence of the State of Israel.
It launched in October 1998 as "Shanghai Metropolitan Television" but changed its name to Dragon Television on October 23, 2003.
OCS, or previously known as Orange Cinéma Séries, is a French group of dedicated movies/series TV channels operated by Orange S.A..
Azteca 13 also provides the United States Azteca America network with programming which sometimes can be seen simultaneously.
The station is also the default PBS member for the Terre Haute market, which doesn't have a PBS member of its own.
WHTV is a Jewelry TV-affiliated television station for the Central Lower Peninsula of Michigan in the United States.
It was renamed Rádio Estadão ESPN in 2007 due to a partnership agreement with the O Estado de S. Paulo newspaper.
A majority of its programming is produced locally in Dubai Media City.
Asianet was the first privately owned television channel in Malayalam and the second to broadcast in India.
WJXF-LP was a low-power TV station in Jackson, Mississippi.
It is licensed to Colorado Springs and operates on digital channel 20.
Licensed to the city of Salinas, the station is owned by Hearst Television.
The channel is a subsidiary of Lifestyle, which runs 24 hours a day on the Foxtel.
Today, the station airs movies and local programs such as news program Accion na Trese.
The tower is west of Odessa on Farm to Market Road 866.
It broadcasts a Class A digital signal on UHF channel 39 from a transmitter in the city on Awbrey Butte west of U.S. 97.
Unlike the German TV stations, ORF eins and ORF 2 are encrypted over satellite.
In 2010 the station unveiled new services to the community including video on-demand and 24/7 streaming video services on its website.
The broadcasts began in 2013, both on the satellite.
It is owned by General Broadcasting Enterprises Limited Company founded on May 20, 1992.
Currently it is scheduled to launch in Q2 2012.
It is popular for Telugu movie songs and interactive shows.
On cable, the station is available on Charter Spectrum channel 3 and in high definition on digital channel 1203.
WIN Television is an Australian television network owned by WIN Corporation that is based in Wollongong, New South Wales.
DWZB-TV, channel 10, is a television station of Philippine television network GMA Network.
Since 2003 it is the official media partner of the Venice Film Festival and since 2007 of the Rome Film Festival.
Recently, the Venezuelan government has been working towards making ViVe’s signal be seen in all of the country, by acquiring new equipment, antennas, and adequate installations.
Sheridan sts., Mandaluyong City, while the station's alternate studios are located at TV5 Complex, 762 Quirino Highway, Brgy.
On cable, KLRT-TV is available on Comcast Xfinity channel 13 in standard definition and digital channel 1013 in high definition.
Formerly known as Funimation Channel, it adopted its current name on December 31, 2015, after Funimation ended their partnership with Olympusat.
TBN again took W49DE silent on February 12, 2010, this time citing declining support.
Formerly an affiliate station of BBC/City2 from 1973-1986, PTV begin its broadcasts in Baguio in 1986 after the EDSA Revolution.
NTV is a Russian television channel that was launched as a subsidiary of Vladimir Gusinsky's company Media-Most.
The channel is available on Freeview channel 13 and channel 23 on Sky.
The channel is available as a cable channel.
Legislative broadcasters in New Zealand are broadcasters of the New Zealand Parliament House of Representatives.
Owned by Ferit Şahenk, Doğuş Media Group since 2011.
WTVP is the PBS station for Peoria, Bloomington, and Galesburg, Illinois.
IPTV's studios are headquartered in 6450 Corporate Drive located in Johnston, Iowa; a suburb of Des Moines.
The Real News Network uses internet broadcasting.
KMST is an Educational-access television cable channel based in Monterey, California.
Other channels of own group are Telenuovo Verona, Telenuovo Padova and Telenuovo Trento.
U.S. Military Television Network is a planned specialty television channel distributed through satellite television and cable television companies.
Along with Télétoon, it is available in over 7.3 million Canadian households as of November 2013.
DWBP-TV now operates 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
KMSU is available on channel 19 on the Midcontinent Communications cable system in Glenburn, Minot, and Minot Air Force Base.
KPBS, virtual channel 15, part of KPBS Public Media, is a PBS member television station located in San Diego, California, United States.
A Canadian version was launched in partnership with Asian Television Network.
Smash Television is a Maltese television station.
The station is owned by the Hearst Television subsidiary of the Hearst Corporation, as part of a duopoly with CW affiliate KCWE.
In these areas, local cable systems opt instead for the affiliate for its market instead of WNBW.
It was initially aimed at a pre-teen audience and shifted its target demographic to preschool-aged children in April 2002.
Broadcasting on physical channel 29 and virtual channel 2, XEPM carries Las Estrellas programming.
Inter features a general programming mix appealing to both young and old, including movies, music, drama, documentaries, news, kids' programs and much more.
Over-the-air, WABI-DT2 broadcasts a 720p high definition digital signal on UHF channel 13.2 from a transmitter on Peaked Mountain in Dixmont.
FOX Retro channel broadcasting in South Africa has left the closing location FOX Crime channel in 2013.
It was developed and first launched in Chicago, followed by further trials in New York City and Hartford, Connecticut.
The station also operates one translator in Lincoln, K18CD-D digital channel 18.
WEPA simulcasts on nine Class A television stations throughout the Pittsburgh market.
WLCN-CD, channel 18, is a not-for-profit television station licensed to Charleston, South Carolina.
It is the sister channel of Sky Living.
It is a network TV station of TXN.
On cable, the station is available on Charter Communications channel 5.
The channel is dedicated to true-to-life drama films, mostly made for TV.
Music featured included jazz, classical, rock, pop, blues, soul and funk.
Lusaka Voice is the first Zambian news agency to provide Live Streaming of events in Zambia.
The station is owned by the Entravision Communications Corporation; Entravision also operates UniMás owned-and-operated station KTFD-DT under a local marketing agreement with owner Univision Communications.
It broadcasts programming from Dream 2 as well as local Canadian content.
On October 15, 2014, WLWN-LD become WSNN-LD as the over the air station for longtime cable channel, the SNN: Suncoast News Network.
Its transmitter is located at Perfect Image Building, Roxas Avenue, General Santos City and the studios are located at NLSA Road, Brgy.
Beginning June 12, 2009, the stations were simulcast with KFXL-TV in Lincoln, Nebraska.
The station is also carried on the cable television systems of each of the four principal communities it serves.
RT UK is a TV channel based in London.
The station is owned by the Graham Media Group subsidiary of Graham Holdings Company as part of a duopoly with CW affiliate WCWJ.
France 4 is a French public channel owned by France Télévisions, dedicated to entertainment.
replaces the terrestrial broadcast of Spacetoon Indonesia, which part of its shares have been taken over by Indika Group.
Ltd. Its head office is situated at Lahore, Pakistan.
From 2007, the channel is also broadcast terrestrially in Norway via the RiksTV package.
Hella Meada Group took over station operations on January 1, 2017, and currently airs an indie and alternative format and goes by the name "Hella 87.7".
Branded DIY Network programming is also broadcast in Japan and the Philippines.
They also air a soccer discussion show Monday to Friday called ESPNsoccernet PressPass which is hosted by Andrew Orsatti.
They are currently looking for programs that are relevant to their Australian audience.
WBMM is the CW-affiliated television station for Central Alabama's River Region that is licensed to Tuskegee.
WOI-DT, channel 5, is the ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Ames, Iowa, and serving the Des Moines market.
It was the second television station acquired by Repretel in Costa Rica.
However, Venture Technologies has notified Radio World that it would not take Mega Media's offer and Mega Media ceased operations in October 2009.
Since July 2009, WLNM-LD has been broadcasting in digital-only format.
When available, TV Roskosmos is streamed live over YouTube.
On cable, CgeTV aired exclusively on SkyCable Digital channel 72.
This channel is a German version of MTV.
There was also one broadcast translator, W49AD, channel 49 in downtown Carrollton, in the southwest corner of the Atlanta market.
KMBC-TV, virtual channel 9, is the ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Kansas City, Missouri, United States and also serving Kansas City, Kansas.
WFXI's coverage contour primarily serves Morehead City, Jacksonville and New Bern.
Turner South was an American cable and satellite television network that was owned by the Turner Broadcasting System division of Time Warner.
It broadcasts an analogue signal on VHF channel 3 from a transmitter near Highway 101 in Timmins with rebroadcasters in Kapuskasing, Kirkland Lake, Hearst and Chapleau.
On July 31, 2007, KQMM-CA was granted a construction permit to operate a digital companion channel on UHF channel 29.
LAB productions appeared in numerous museums, film festivals and galleries.
The station is also available on CenturyLink Prism channels 15 and 1015.
This look had previously been adopted by Discovery Real Time France.
For its first ten years in existence, the channel used a logo with a globe and an elephant which was also used by its sister channels.
It is part of the Viacom Global Entertainment Group, a unit of the Viacom Media Networks division of Viacom.
Prior to the localisation of MTV in Europe, the region was served by MTV Europe which was launched on 1 August 1987.
The channel now broadcasts 24/7 from March 31, 2009.
In the 2000s it became the most viewed station in South Korea, which prompted them to create their widely recognized English-language slogan, "Korea number-one channel."
In USA it is only available on Directv and recently other platforms.
It is a premium adult entertainment television channel consisting of 5 to 20 minutes clips from adult feature films from various adult film genres.
The two stations share studio facilities located on Hillsborough Avenue in Tampa; WFTT's transmitter is located in Riverview.
TSC usually ends live broadcasting for the Christmas holiday at about 4:00pm EST Christmas Eve, with taped sales segments airing from 4:00pm - 10:00pm EST.
It began broadcasting from Baku on 1 January 2009 and primarily airs live sporting events and sport-related programming.
Its transmitter are located in Capitol Road, Dumaguete City.
Channel 19.1 launched the MundoFox Network on August 7, 2012.
Its studios are located in the inner city of Darwin, with analog transmitter on Blake Street and digital transmitter on Deloraine Road.
Recently this broadcast company started a spiritual channel in Telugu called Samskruthi, which is especially for spiritual programmes such as Bajanasand and Prathans by rohithjayaram.
This would also help further promote the 1Malaysia concept among Malaysians, especially in the peninsular.
They also have different programming and standards than Hallmark Channel USA.
Viasat Series is a television channel broadcasting TV series.
The channel is based in downtown Syracuse, New York out of the former New York Central Railroad Passenger and Freight Station building along Interstate 690.
CNBC-e was a hybrid business/financial and entertainment channel operated in Turkey by CNBC Europe and the NTV Group.
Its studio is located at Room 206, Jaral Building, MacArthur Highway, St. Cristo, Tarlac City.
Launched on 26 November 1989 as TV3, it was New Zealand's first privately owned television channel.
This station can also be seen on Cogeco Cable channel 5.
K64GK was a low-powered television station affiliated with HSN that is seen on cable, satellite, and some terrestrial channels in the United States.
WLRN maintains studio facilities located on Northeast 15th Street and Northeast 1st Avenue in Miami, and its transmitter is located at McTyre Park in Miami Gardens.
Also, W51DY was originally on channel 60 until December 2006.
Any student may join IUSTV, regardless of major, minor, or experience, allowing them to gain experience through creating television for peers and friends to watch.
The channel, created by Mediapro in September 2008, is distributed through cable operators, Internet television, and from August 2009, through digital terrestrial television.
It also features debates, news and sports reports.
Mnet is a music television and youth-oriented channel in South Korea owned by CJ E&M, a division of CJ Group.
On January 1, 2017, WBTS became an owned-and-operated NBC station known as NBC Boston, replacing previous affiliate WHDH.
Its main audience are Sri Lankan Tamils living in Europe, Australia and the Middle East.
Fairchild TV 2 HD has studios in the Greater Toronto Area and Metro Vancouver.
The program includes: Press News, current affairs programs, sports programs, Policies emissions, etc.
The music video format continues on the station's former website, albeit using a random playlist cuing existing videos on YouTube.
Fox Taiwan was officially launched on September 1, 2012, as FOX Showbiz replacing Channel V Taiwan.
The station is owned by Günter Marksteiner.
TV6 also features all IIHF top division games and KHL regular season.
San Roque, Circumferential Road, Antipolo City, Rizal.
It is a repeater that broadcasts programming from the Trinity Broadcasting Network Enlace Hispanic service, via satellite.
Lakers game broadcasts serve as the centerpiece of both networks.
BIG Magic is an Indian comedy cable and satellite television channel, which is owned by Reliance Broadcast Network.
The channel was launched on 5 November 2012, for children in the 4 to 14 years age group.
It is owned by Fox International Channels Portugal.
It is owned by NRJ TV, LLC.
It is owned by the Nexstar Media Group, which acquired the station in 2003 as part of its purchase of Quorum Broadcasting.
The station is owned by Tegna, Inc. 10News WTSP maintains studio facilities located on Gandy Boulevard in St. Petersburg and its transmitter is located in Riverview.
Owned by the Nexstar Media Group, it has studios at Stateway Plaza in the town of Watertown.
Golf tournaments that had been aired on Viasat Sport 1 and SportN were moved to Viasat Golf.
Its programming includes a mix of family dramas, comedies, youth-oriented, reality shows, shows on crime and telefilms.
The majority of programming was hosted by presenters from the Nordic countries, mainly Sweden, Denmark and Norway.
The channel is transmitted in Romania by all cable TV operators, including digital television such as Dolce, Digi TV.
The channel was originally called BR-alpha but changed its name to ARD-alpha on 29 June 2014.
XHNAT-TDT is a Grupo Multimedios owned and operated station in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas.
On February 28, 2015, AT&T U-verse removed this and Music Choice from the lineup and it was replaced by Stingray Music.
Its HD feed was launched on December 11, 2011.
National Geographic Channel is available in India in both standard and high definition format.
Since that network folded and until its affiliation with SBN, it is unknown what programming that station offered.
In 2012, the station became a full-time affiliate of the Retro Television Network
WMUN-LP is owned by Full Gospel Business Men's Fellowship, International, who also owned another TBN affiliate, W57AO in Robinson, Illinois.
Its headquarters are located in the Universidad Laboral de Gijón.
WEMT can be seen in Marion, Virginia on repeater W43BO channel 43 from a transmitter north of town on Walker Mountain.
It can also be seen on Knology channel 12 and Comcast channel 23.
It is also part of the 24-hour children's channel NPO Zapp Xtra.
yes Oh airs new episodes on weeknights.
Launched in July 2003, KTV is licensed for terrestrial and satellite transmission.
Surya TV is a Malayalam-language television channel in India, established in 1998.
The movies aired cover all genres from action to comedy to historical films.
Also, the stations share transmitter facilities located on Texas State Highway 36, in neighboring Callahan County.
Cheongju Broadcasting or CJB is a Radio and TV station in Cheongju, affiliated with the SBS Network.
Films offered are primarily in English, with some subtitled, in genres including drama, comedy, romance, family, thriller, traditional, fantasy and true story films.
It broadcasts a digital signal on UHF channel 48 from a transmitter near Chesaning.
The channel is dedicated to programming that highlights the relationship between humans and animals.
Manoranjan Music was an Hindi-language 24/7 music television channel, owned by Manoranjan TV Group .
For the television station in Pinehurst, North Carolina, see WYBE-CD.
KDTX-TV, virtual channel 58, is a TBN owned-and-operated television station serving the Dallas–Fort Worth Metroplex that is licensed to Dallas, Texas, United States.
KTEN, virtual channel 10, is an NBC-affiliated television station located in Ada, Oklahoma, United States which also serves Ardmore, Oklahoma, Sherman and Denison, Texas.
Under Bell ownership and its final branding as M3, the network began to heavily downplay music programming outside of non-peak hours.
WTOP is viewable on campus 24 hours a day, seven days a week when the college is in session.
KGWN-TV is a CBS-affiliated television station licensed to Cheyenne, Wyoming, United States.
The channel also has versions in other countries around Europe.
Discovery Norway is a Norwegian television channel.
A joint program took place in Mexico City and Buenos Aires in 2008.
KFXV-LD carries the full Fox schedule, along with MyNetworkTV programming during the nighttime hours, starting at 1 a.m.
Founded August 12, 1999, the station was owned by the Louis Martinez Family Group.
SVT Extra was started in 2002, using space preempted by the cancelling of SVT's regional channels.
It was intended to ease the transition from The Box to Comedy Central.
The sale was finalized on March 31.
UTR can also be found on cable networks in Russia, Latvia, Kazakhstan, Turkey and Argentina.
WWHO, channel 53, is a television station licensed to Chillicothe, Ohio, USA.
Its studios, transmitter, and broadcast facilities are located at the ABS-CBN Broadcast Center, Panganiban Drive, Naga City.
XHIJ-TDT, known as Canal 44, is a Spanish-language independent station serving the Ciudad Juárez-El Paso-Las Cruces metropolitan area.
Nou 24 was the third channel launched by Ràdio Televisió Valenciana on 3 February 2009, under the name "24/9".
Despite being a channel with commercial breaks in all programs, the channel lacks news and live broadcasting and no longer has home-made productions.
Delivering top-notch, first-run programmes and all-time-favourites from the U.S., SET was launched in Singapore on SingTel's mio TV platform in July 2007.
"Providence Equity Partners" bought TV3 and all sisters TVs and radios in Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia for 115 mln.
Since 1997, the name of station has been Prima televize.
The station is owned by ION Media Networks, and broadcasts its digital signal on VHF channel 12, displayed as virtual channel 60.
On weekdays one can find standard news and information as well as some entertainment shows.
DWGM-TV, channel 2, is a relay television station of Philippine television network GMA Network.
As of 2014, the station was carrying Cozi TV on 56.1 and "Throwback TV" is carried on 56.2.
The transmitter for WHBF-TV is located in Bettendorf.
Fight Now TV was a Canadian English language specialty channel devoted to airing programming related to wrestling, boxing, mixed martial arts, and other combat sports.
June, stylized as June and formerly called Filles TV until October 2009, is a TV channel which launched on 1 September 2004.
Mary R. Silver has entered into a contract to transfer ownership of the FCC licenses to Doyle Weaver, a local Kerrville, Texas attorney.
KPTS, virtual and VHF digital channel 8, is a PBS member television station serving Wichita, Kansas, United States that is licensed to Hutchinson.
It is the sixth Kannada news channel.As promised it was launched by Smt.
The channel ultimately closed on 1 December 2015 to be replaced in all markets by MTV Music.
KUKC-LD, virtual channel 48, is a Univision-affiliated television station licensed to Kansas City, Missouri, United States and also serving Kansas City, Kansas.
PictureBox was the first only wholly owned SVOD operated by NBCUniversal.
The KMUV callsign was assigned to a former station from 1974 until 1981, on that which is now KMAX-TV in Sacramento.
The channel launched in 2007 as a sister channel to the US Sci Fi Channel, with a similar programming line-up.
Its name is an initialism for "Country Music Television", which has since been de-emphasized.
Starting 2006 the TV channel also allowed online users to watch it live on the internet on its official website.
TSN is the largest specialty channel in Canada in terms of gross revenue, with a total of $400.4 million in revenue in 2013.
TVSA or Televizija Kantona Sarajevo is a public TV channel founded by Assembly of Sarajevo Canton.
The same way as the predecessor: MTV Hits.
The company was founded in 1988 in San Francisco, California.
It is not yet available on Time Warner Cable.
Locally owned by the Southern TV Corporation, the station has studios on Mall Boulevard in Savannah's Skyland Terrace section.
This arrangement makes it the sister to ABC affiliate KIFI-TV and low-powered primary Fox and secondary MyNetworkTV outlet KXPI-LD.
ComedyMax is a television channel in Turkey, which broadcasts worldwide hit TV series as Turkish subtitled.
The channel is closely paired to its own self-titled website.
It retains exclusive broadcasting rights for many sporting events including cricket, tennis, hockey and football.
Its headquarters are located in Miyagi Prefecture.
Since October 2013 the channel has a full program, including Press News, information, entertainment, cultural and sports programs.
Bill Paradoski, the "community announcer," hosted the "Community Wrap-Up" each evening "reporting the news and weather daily."
It was first launched on November 1, 2008.
The company has organized public events in Latin America and the United States.
It is also the main sponsor to the Bulgarian A Professional Football Group.
The channel is dedicated to young adults and the male audience.
The station is branded as Pura Palabra Television.
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on VHF channel 10 from a transmitter along the Colquitt and Worth County line.
The channel focuses on the 25 to 34-year-old urban population, who are interested in the latest US TV shows.
That's Solent is a local television station on the south coast of England.
Sport1 is a Lithuanian sport channel founded on 16 August 2008.
This station is a digital LPTV translator relaying HSN2.
The 'NDTV' brand will drop out and the channels will be labelled Imagine TV, Lumiere Movies and Imagine Showbiz.
Prima Love is the first niche channel aimed at young, active women in the Czech Republic.
DHC also aired fitness-related programming, most of which later spun off to its sister network FitTV.
WODN-LP is a low-power television station in Portage, Indiana, broadcasting locally on VHF channel 13 and with their transmitter located in the town of Ogden Dunes.
WGGS maintains studio facilities located on Rutherford Road in Taylors, and its transmitter is located at Paris Mountain State Park.
DD Sports was launched on 8 March 1998.
It also offer some paid programming from Jewelery Television.
It was broadcasting between 8 a.m. and 3 a.m. from the start.
WTAC-TV was a UHF TV station which was located in Flint, Michigan.
But in June 2013 it ceased its satellite transmission.
UKTV Gardens was a digital television channel broadcasting in the United Kingdom, part of the UKTV family of channels.
The budget is approximately €m100 million per year.
Kalki TV is an Tamil-language 24/7 news television channel, owned by Kalki TV Group Asia Limited.
A new website for Chart Show TV is also under development since its sister channels have had new websites launched.
Cartoon Network in Taiwan is the Taiwanese version of the American Cartoon Network.
The station can also be seen on Suddenlink channel 4 and CAS Cable channel 3.
Fox News grew during the late 1990s and 2000s to become a dominant cable news network in the United States.
We sincerely regret any inconvenience the cessation of this service may cause and we have endeavoured to provide you with as much notice as possible.
The main competitors of C More Entertainment in the Nordic countries are Viasat Film and Viasat Sport, which belong to Modern Times Group.
Trade unions CCOO and CGT challenged the measure, and on 5 November 2013 it was nullified by the National Court.
WHFL-CD is a religious Class A low-power broadcasting television station in Goldsboro, North Carolina.
A few months later on, the teletext subtitles were replaced with DVB subtitles.
The station originates at its studios at 13567 Plank Road in Baker, Louisiana.
Astro Wah Lai Toi is available for NJOI Prepaid from 3 June 2015 onwards.
Malay, Mandarin, and English language versions of these programs are broadcast on this channel.
The first local original production for the channel was The Great Indian Wedding.
From 2000 to 2007, TV2 Zulu broadcast live NFL games.
It aims to provide viewers an immense amount of high quality documentary films.
Awaaz India TV is an Hindi-language 24/7 news television channel, owned by Awaaz Group Asia Limited.
Zindagi was a popular Indian general entertainment television channel, owned by the Zee Entertainment Enterprises.
Owned by American Spirit Media, WSFX is operated through a shared services agreement by Raycom Media.
After Surya Tv & Kiran Tv, Sun Network launched its 24 hours Malayalam kids channel "Kochu TV" on 10th May,2011.
At one time, KPVI and KIVI were sister stations with the same affiliation.
WCQT-LP is a low-powered digital television station licensed to Cullman, Alabama.
This station can also be seen on Shaw Cable channel 5 and in high definition on digital channel 211.
Religia.tv was a religious television channel owned by ITI Group.
bpm:tv's programming was devoted to dance music, club lifestyle, and the EDM genre - electronica, house, techno, eurodance, trance.
Originally transmitted only in North Rhine-Westphalia, the channel has become available across Germany with the advent of cable and satellite television.
On September 25, 2006, KMMA switched to the new MTV Tr3́s network, which was created as a result of Viacom's acquisition of Mas Musica.
The Steinmans realized that Philadelphia and Wilmington were going to be a single market.
They are used mostly for infomercials and classified ads.
As of 3 May 2016, ERT world broadcasts again on Europe.
Selected movies are also shown on Astro Mustika HD, although during the latter's start of broadcast, only local films were shown.
Zee Tamizh also available trough digital and mobile entertainment platform, Ozee App and OTT application,Ditto TV.
BNT 1 is run by the Bulgarian National Television.
WBXI-CA maintains transmitter facilities located atop the Salesforce Tower in downtown Indianapolis.
It was the most watched national channel in Hungary and its transmission receiving is 97%.
On 10 March 2014, Z@ppelin / Z@pp 24 changed its name into NPO Zapp Xtra.
Live from the Center of the Universe is carried on the FilmOn platform worldwide and is available on television via Apple TV and Roku.
TVP Historia is a public, history channel available on cable, satellite and DSL, It was launched on May 2007.
The channel grew up with a band of devoted journalists.
TET is a Ukrainian-language national entertainment TV channel broadcasting in Ukraine.
The channel broadcast from 6.30 a.m. to 6 p.m.
This station studios and transmitters are located at Davao City.
With their combined resources, the stations provide statewide coverage not offered by any other outlet in Maine.
Syndicated programming on this station includes Access Hollywood, Entertainment Tonight, The Doctors, The Dr. Oz Show and Judge Judy among others.
It started broadcasting on 10 December 2007.
On October 13, 2010, the station changed its calls to WEID-LP.
The headquarters of Starz Encore, and its sister channels Starz and MoviePlex, are located at the Meridian International Business Center complex in Meridian, Colorado, United States.
Canal 6 is a private Costa Rican television channel, owned and operated by Repretel.
In addition to movies, the channel also showed children's television shows in an after school slot as fillers.
The station brands itself as América Tevé Puerto Rico.
The FCC granted this authorization on July 20, 2005.
WJNK-LD is a low-powered religious television station licensed to and serving Nashville, Tennessee.
The ARY Group of companies is a Dubai-based holding company founded by a Pakistani businessman, Abdul Razzak Yaqoob.
Fox8 is an Australian cable and satellite channel available on Foxtel, Austar and Optus Television's subscription platforms.
In the Nordic region TV1000 Action was rebranded in February, 2009.
The station can also be seen on Comcast, Suddenlink, and Charter Spectrum channel 5.
XHARJ-TV was a local television station in Arandas, Jalisco.
In June 2012, Rogers would acquire SCN entirely, maintaining the same programming model implemented by Bluepoint.
It broadcasts a digital, high-definition, terrestrial over-the-air signal on UHF channel 39, from a transmitter located on Washmill Lake Drive in Halifax.
Reaching and sending to more than 80 countries, the channel wants to unite the people under the Syriac name.
It was created in 2002 by journalist Alberto Luchetti Neto, becoming Brazil's first crossmedia channel.
Pat the Dog and The ZhuZhus were removed from the schedule and Tangled: The Series was moved to Sunday.
It is a 24-hour sports news channel owned by CTV Specialty Television Inc., a division of Bell Media and ESPN.
DXAQ-TV, channel 43, is a flagship television station of Philippine religious television network Sonshine Media Network International.
Most series on the channel originate in the United States, but there are also some series from other English-speaking countries.
Chasse et Pêche is a French television channel dedicated to hunting and fishing.
The station is currently reported as being off the air.
Follow me brings to you relevant, useful, delightful programs to educate, inform and support you in prayer and reflection.
The channel will broadcast online at RTÉ.ie, IPTV and on satellite in the United Kingdom.
The station's studios are located at the Interstate 10/U.S.
Founded February 28, 1990, the station was owned by Iglesia Jesuchristo Es Mi Refugio, Inc.
Approximately two-thirds of AETN's funding comes from state tax dollars to support the broadcast infrastructure and all services that are provided for educators and schools.
WUVP-DT, virtual channel 65, is a Univision owned-and-operated television station serving Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States that is licensed to Vineland, New Jersey.
Formerly named RTT, RTT 1, TV7, Tunis 7, Tunisie 7, Tunisie National .
Both "Mad World" and its B-side, "Ideas as Opiates", appeared on the band's debut LP The Hurting.
The station's transmitter was located near Bolding on the same tower as KTVE.
The international Discovery HD first launched in Korea on February 2005 as a programming block.
KPXM-TV, virtual channel 41, is a television station based in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States and owned and operated by ION Media Networks.
Telecinco is a Spanish commercial television channel operated by Mediaset España Comunicación.
The channel's branding is derived from the Global network and its news division Global News.
On satellite, Dish Network and DirecTV carry both KIMA-TV and KEPR-TV.
It replaced Top Up TV Sampler, a promotional channel showing Top Up TV's latest offers presented by Alice Beer.
The station focuses on social and spiritual development, and it operates a 24‑hour schedule.
Food Network is a Canadian English language Category A specialty channel based on the American cable channel of the same name.
This station is also available on Bell TV channel 245 and on high definition on channel 1130.
RTP2 is the second television channel of Rádio e Televisão de Portugal, the Portuguese public broadcasting corporation.
iBuy launched from the ex-AuctionWorld studio at Teddington Studios, Broom Road, Teddington.
Owned by Venture Technologies Group, WHTV maintains studios on West Saint Joseph Street, along I-496, in downtown Lansing.
The station can also be seen on cable channel 11 in most areas of the market.
K33CG was a low-power television station serving Sierra Vista, Arizona and the San Pedro Valley.
The Edge is a youth-oriented New Zealand radio network, music television channel and entertainment website owned and operated by MediaWorks New Zealand.
Launched in 1983 as the national service First Choice, an industry restructuring led to its operations being restricted to Eastern Canada from 1984 to 2016.
The network operated under the auspices of TVO until 2007, when it was spun off into an autonomous agency.
tape.tv hosts upwards of 45,000 music videos from major German labels and a collection of indie labels.
WTEN-DT has decided to use channel 35 for its digital home, thus displacing WNGN-LP from the dial.
The channel provides TVI originals, including telenovelas, sitcoms, television series and TVI Ficção interviews and biographies.
Penthouse has created three high-definition TV channels available in Europe.
Known on-air as My TV Richmond, it can also be seen on Verizon FiOS channel 10 and Comcast digital channel 209.
Australia network, along with international radio network Radio Australia, is a part of the ABC's International, Corporate Strategy and Governance division.
The channel is India's second celebrity-driven TV Commerce channel.
It is also streamed live on the Internet.
One such programme is a talent contest for young actors, directors and screenwriters aged 7–15.
The regime began on September 5, 2005.
The two stations share studio facilities located on East Kings Highway on the eastern side of Shreveport; KPXJ's transmitter is located near Mooringsport.
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 35 from a transmitter on Fort Argyle Road/SR 204 in western unincorporated Chatham County, Georgia.
Besides various newscasts, RTV21 broadcasts primarily cultural and entertainment programs such as Diçka po Zihet or magazine program Relax.
Best Direct is a home shopping television channel, broadcast in the United Kingdom on the Sky Digital platform.
In addition to the flagship U.S. network, the "FX" name is licensed to a number of related pay television channels in various countries around the world.
It is unknown what programming this station has offered.
On December 1, 2014, NJPW and TV Asahi announced "New Japan Pro Wrestling World", a new worldwide streaming site for the promotion's events.
It is a 24-hour Arabic channel that offers a range of Arabic drama and Turkish series "First on TV" to OSN subscribers starting February 1, 2009.
Nowadays TV8 shows English-language broadcasts from German news channel Deutsche Welle during the days and nights instead.
The channel was formed in 1991 as an experimental channel, but now it broadcasts the activities from the Assembly of the Republic of Macedonia.
It primarily airs Japanese anime series and foreign cartoon shows that are aired on sister channels ABS-CBN and Hero TV.
It is owned by the Alamo Public Telecommunications Council.
WCTX is available on channel 9 on almost all of Connecticut's cable systems, this is reflected in the station's on-air branding "MyTV9".
WLRN operates twenty closed-circuit educational channels for use by public schools within Miami-Dade County.
During the summer of 2011, the channel, was expected to be renamed to STAR Channel.
Magic is the first British music television channel owned by The Box Plus Network.
bTV is the first private national-wide broadcasting television channel in Bulgaria.
WIPX-LP was donated to parent company of Daystar in December 2014, essentially now a sister station of WDTI, though the station is silent presently.
It is owned primarily by CNBC Asia and Japanese media group Nihon Keizai Shimbun and TV Tokyo Holdings Corporation.
KAVU maintains studios located on North Navarro Street in Victoria and its transmitter is located in Lolita.
It is the only U.S.-based TBN network that is not available for livestreaming on TBN's website and mobile app.
Canal 13, previously called Universidad Católica de Chile Televisión, also known as El 13, is the second oldest television station in Chile.
The station has been affiliated with World Harvest Television since July 2014.
The station can also be seen on Comcast channel 9 and channel 12.
bTV is the leading channel in bTV Media Group along with - bTV Comedy, bTV Cinema, bTV Action, bTV Lady and RING.
The name is licensed from NBCUniversal, whose parent company formerly owned a minority stake in the channel.
It is an affiliate of Telemundo that broadcasts over UHF channel 25 from a transmitter on top of the IDS Center in downtown Minneapolis.
WTJP-TV, virtual channel 60, is a TBN owned-and-operated television station serving Birmingham, Alabama, United States that is licensed to Gadsden.
The programming consisted mainly of music videos and the channel is linked to the radio network The Voice Hiphop & RnB Sweden.
SCRTC delivers cable service to over 19,400 households in the aforementioned counties and areas.
It was a Canadian version of the Italian channel Leonardo World.
Funded by the New Zealand Government, the station started broadcasting on 28 March 2004 from a base in Newmarket.
The network was founded in the summer of 2007.
The station is operated by RTL Nederland and launched on 2 October 2009.
The channel has its origins in TV6, a Swedish women's channel started in 1994.
The station is owned by Bell Media.
RCTV continued to broadcast via satellite and cable as RCTV International.
The two stations share studio and transmitter facilities located on U.S. 41 in unincorporated Sullivan County.
It is operated out of the studios of sister station KIMA-TV.
The program is mainly produced in Serbian language.
The two stations share studio facilities located near the Southwest Freeway on Houston's southwest side; KXLN's transmitter is located southeast of Missouri City.
Its sister channel, H!t Music Channel was launched on September 1, 2011.
The University offers a variety of professional and specialized programs, including the only schools of law and medicine in the state of North Dakota.
WYLE was a commercial television station in Florence, Alabama, broadcasting locally on UHF channel 26.
Both stations, in turn, are operated by the Sinclair Broadcast Group, owner of ABC/Fox affiliate WTVC.
Viasat Motor is a Scandinavian Motorsport channel that launched on 17 October 2008.
WKUT-LD is a low-powered television station licensed to and expected to serve Bowling Green, Kentucky, USA.
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on VHF channel 10 from a transmitter on Sharp's Ridge in North Knoxville.
through INTELSAT 17, IPTV & BOM TV.
The president of TV-45, INC., Douglas Sheldahl, also held a license for K52GP, another TBN translator.
Astro SuperSport is an in-house satellite television network in Malaysia dedicated to broadcasting sports-related content 24 hours a day.
Sun Group owns Hyderabad-based IPL team Sunrisers Hyderabad since 2012.
TasTV, now once again broadcasting all over the state, officially confirmed itself as the Nine Network affiliate and Southern Cross held dual Seven and Ten affiliations.
The channel operates 24 hours a day, with news reporting, live programs and transmissions from the Colombian Football League.
The station originally signed on as an affiliate of The Box.
Revolt is an American music-oriented digital cable television network that is founded by Sean "Diddy" Combs.
In contrast to K3, which was devised at children and youth programming is focused Super3 an audience younger than 14 years.
Owned by Jim Simpson, KAUN-LP can be seen on channel 18 on cable television in much of eastern South Dakota.
WTGL is a religious independent television station serving Orlando, Florida, United States, licensed to nearby Leesburg, with studios in Lake Mary.
Its transmitter is located in the heights of Barigåda.
It transmits on the Eutelsat for Europe, Western Asia and North Africa, and on Galaxy 19 for North America.
Owned by OTA Broadcasting, LLC, KMIR is sister to low-powered MyNetworkTV affiliate KPSE-LD and the two stations share studios on Park View Drive in Palm Desert.
Francesco Becchetti's properties are currently frozen, and Agon Channel couldn't continue anymore.
The station is owned by Bonten Media Group.
The station partners with Detroit Public Schools in the management of classical and jazz music station WRCJ-FM.
The station is owned by Christian Faith Broadcast, Inc., who also owns WGGN-TV in Sandusky, Ohio.
The station is owned by the CBS Television Stations subsidiary of CBS Corporation, and is part of a duopoly with CBS owned-and-operated station KYW-TV.
WPNY-LP is the MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station for Central New York State's Mohawk Valley.
WTRF-TV, channel 7, is a television station located in Wheeling, West Virginia, United States.
America's Auction Network is an American satellite television network specializing in over-the-air auctions
Sun Music is currently broadcast in many other countries apart from India such as Malaysia and Dubai.
The station is an affiliate of ABC, and also carries CBS and The CW on digital subchannels.
WSHM-LD, channel 3, is the low-powered, CBS-affiliated television station for the Pioneer Valley of Western Massachusetts.
The channel's broadcast on UniFi is started on 28 March 2012.
Sportkanalen was a sports channel started by Kinnevik on March 23, 1996 and is considered the predecessor to Viasat Sport.
The presentation and format of the channel is similar to the crafting channel Create & Craft.
On 1 September 2007 the channel got new broadcasting hours.
NBC Sports Regional Networks' business and master control operations are based in New York City, New York.
CNN-News18 is an Indian English-language news television channel based in Noida, Uttar Pradesh.
Digital coverage is predicted to extend into the north-central North Carolina counties of Caswell, Rockingham, Person, and Stokes.
Rondinaro later sold WLNN to Terry Smith in 2008.
The television broadcast on the website is only for those who live in the overseas territories/departments.
On September 6, 2010, the channel changes its name again, this time to Canal Nou International.
November 1, 2006 in the Nordic countries when Canal Digital launched their HD package in Sweden, with Denmark, Finland and Norway following in 2007.
WTVQ-DT is also seen on Charter Spectrum in the Lexington area on channels 10 and 908.
It is the largest Tamil media outlet in North America.
WWPS-LP was an affiliate of Cornerstone Television in Kinnelon, New Jersey.
Starting with the team's 2014–2015 inaugural season, the channel carried coverage of Indy Fuel ECHL hockey.
Launched on 26 March 2010, it was the idea from the former Malaysian Minister of Youth and Sports YB.
DYRF-TV, known as GMA News TV-28 Dumaguete, is a commercial relay television station of Philippine television network GMA News TV.
It is directly operated by Disney & ESPN Media Networks and The Walt Disney Company Latin America, which are owned by The Walt Disney Company.
Avis de Recherche is a Canadian French language Category B specialty channel devoted to crime prevention.
There is a high definition feed provided on Spectrum digital channel 1230, Xfinity channel 807, Consolidated channel 632 and U-verse channel 1038.
WNYS-TV is the MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station for Central Upstate New York that is licensed to Syracuse.
Since almost all programming on ICTV is student-initiated, any semester’s productions depend upon the interests of the active participants.
Kyriakou is credited with reshaping the Antenna asset portfolio.
WBMA-LD maintains studio facilities located at the Riverchase office park on Concourse Parkway in Hoover, and its transmitter is located atop Red Mountain in southwestern Birmingham.
From 2 April 2010, ITV HD became a standard channel available on all digital platforms.
BIG SANGEET is an Hindi-language 24/7 music television channel, owned by BIG India Limited.
Dawn News' test transmission was launched by former President of Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf.
BBC News is the BBC's 24-hour rolling news television network in the United Kingdom.
K25AL is a television station serving Lake Havasu City, Arizona.
A website SuperCasino accompanies the TV channel and live feeds of the TV channel are available to view 24/7.
The headquarters of TV channel is located in Vogošća.
On 11 January 2010, Takbeer TV began testing after purchasing the Southern Africa Direct EPG slot and replaced it on 14 January.
KVFW-LD is a low-powered television station licensed in Fort Worth, Texas to New York Spectrum Holding Company, LLC.
NTV Canada was a Canadian exempt Category B Russian language specialty channel.
The station is owned by the Tribune Broadcasting subsidiary of the Tribune Media Company.
Broadcasting on the TNT service to the Île-de-France region from the Eiffel Tower.
CFTM-DT is a French language television station in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, serving as the flagship station of TVA.
It is one of the major Tokyo television stations, particularly specializing in anime.
WWCP-TV is the Fox-affiliated television station for West-Central Pennsylvania that is licensed to Johnstown.
The news channel has a strategic partnership with Reuters, a subsidiary of Thomson Reuters.
Programming on ERT World Canada includes news, talk shows, documentaries, sports, cultural programs and more.
Bernama News Channel, also known as BNC, is a 24-hour international news and current affairs television network in Malaysia.
The channel airs popular Zee TV shows dubbed in French and its prime target is the French-speaking audience in Africa and India.
KCFT depends on several satellite networks for program distribution.
After the demise of DuMont, the station allowed the University of Michigan to supply educational programming.
Canal 8, stylized as C8, is a private national French TV channel, owned by Canal+ Group.
It used to be carried on other sister station KAVU-TV's digital signal.
Mindy Grossman left HSNi in May 2017 to helm the Weight Watchers corporation.
Hidayat TV was established by two Islamic scholars Moulana Dr. G. H. Adeel and Maulana Syed Abbas Abedi.
The channel is also distributed worldwide by Fox International Channels, subsidiary of 21st Century Fox.
KWTX-TV, channel 10, is the CBS television station in Waco, Texas, serving Central Texas.
KOTI is a local NBC affiliate based in Klamath Falls, Oregon.
KOKH-TV, virtual channel 25, is a Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States.
Programming also includes family oriented shows from World Harvest Family and Cornerstone TeleVision Networks.
ABC is the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's television station in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory.
The channel is primarily dedicated to coverage of college athletics, and is also used as an additional outlet for general ESPN programming.
It is also available on Xfinity video on demand and Roku.
RTP Madeira started broadcasting in October 1972.
The station is owned by Northwest Broadcasting.
Owned by Sinclair Broadcast Group, the station has studios at 301 South 36th Street in Quincy.
A result of an agreement between the channel nessma and Nickelodeon French.
In March 2007, the station changed channels and therefore callsigns from W24AL to W23DN, on channel 23+.
It was launched on June 1, 2006.
An affiliate of the DuMont Television Network, it broadcast from studios on Market Street in Elmira, transmitting on UHF channel 24.
XHPNW-TDT is an independent television station in Piedras Negras, Coahuila.
KAUT-TV, virtual channel 43, is an independent television station licensed to Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States.
K54GK's programming was the same national schedule as TBN, but deviated for taped repeats of their services, Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays at 11PM.
It was introduced on free-to air television through the now-defunct television network Studio 23 in 2000.
Porto Canal also broadcasts live full matches of the F.C.
WLOT-LP channel 46 was a 19kW low-power Class A television station in Watertown, New York.
Its headquarters are located in Atlanta, Georgia.
KSBW is a television station in the United States and is the primary NBC affiliate for the Monterey-Salinas-Santa Cruz, California market.
Exclusively available on Sky Italia, was launched in 2007 and closed down in 2011.
It is owned by Clearwater, Florida-based Christian Television Network.
Formerly known as Play TV, Play Entertainment is a Pakistani entertainment channel which is owned by Business Recorder Group.
VH1 Brasil was replaced by Paramount Channel on November 14, 2014.
Part of the Pakistan Television Corporation brand name, it is under control of the Government of Pakistan.
be3 is a digital television channel in Ireland operated by the TV3 Group, a subsidiary of Virgin Media Ireland.
On 30 September 2002 the channel began to air in Hungary and Romania.
The station also operates a low-powered sister station on channel 32.1, KJTV-CD, branded as FOX 34 News NOW, also on KJTV's digital 34.2 subchannel.
The channel is mainly oriented towards family audiences, unlike its sister channel FX.
It is owned by Corus Entertainment, with the History branding used under a licensing agreement with A+E Networks.
The channel closed on June 30, 2009, replaced by FOX HD.
KGPX-TV is an Ion Television network television station in Spokane, Washington, United States, owned and operated by Ion Media Networks.
Founded August 28, 1996, it is a 3ABN owned-and-operated station.
Fox Life was a television channel, launched by Fox Networks Group Benelux, which aired across the Netherlands and initially in Flanders as well.
It later launched in the United Kingdom, Turkey, Ireland, Romania, India, Vietnam, and Poland replacing the now defunct Adventure One.
As a result, Comcast merged the operations of its cable channels with those of NBC.
WPNT carries programming from the American Sports Network syndication package and Ring of Honor, both owned by Sinclair.
.tv was owned and operated by British Sky Broadcasting.
In May 2005, Antena 1 has acquired a specialty brother, the channel Antena 3, a 24/7 news channel fashioned in the spirit of CNN.
It was founded by Regency Enterprises, Kardan, and Bellco Capital.
The channel is one of many within The Box Plus Network, a joint venture between Channel Four Television Corporation and Bauer Media Group.
The two stations share studios located in Altamonte Springs, and WOTF's transmitter is located in Christmas.
KAIL, virtual and VHF digital channel 7, is a MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station located in Fresno, California, United States.
WRNN-TV is an independent television station operated by RNN serving the New York metropolitan area which is licensed to Kingston, New York, USA.
It is one of five local Spokane area television stations available in eastern British Columbia, Canada via satellite provider Shaw Direct.
Recently, Nova Cinema have output deals with three of six major Hollywood studios, 20th Century Fox, Columbia Pictures and Warner Bros..
WFXI, virtual and VHF digital channel 8, is a Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Morehead City, North Carolina, United States.
WKBT-DT is the CBS-affiliated television station for Western Wisconsin including the Chippewa Valley.
WPXS maintains offices located on Carter Road in Kell, and its transmitter is located near Saint Rose, Illinois.
The channel is owned by LFP Broadcasting, which is run by Tony Cochi.
WVTX-CD is a Class-A television station that retransmits into 720p 16:9 HD WTRF-DT2 and WTRF-DT3 as affiliates of MyNetworkTV and ABC.
It first went on-air on 15 June 1992, and since 1995 it has broadcast 24 hours a day.
CNN+ was a Spanish 24-hour television news channel.
TV Zimbo was founded on 14 December 2008 and started regular programming on 15 May 2009.
It is owned and operated by the Kentucky Regional Cable Commission.
WBNX maintains studio facilities located in suburban Cuyahoga Falls, and its transmitter is located in the Cleveland suburb of Parma.
The station broadcast its analog signal on UHF channel 33.
ABC2 is a national public digital television multichannel in Australia.
First Channel, also called 1TV, is a Georgian television channel owned and operated by Georgian Public Broadcaster, launched in 1956.
It was launched in 1991, predating the World Wide Web.
It is based in Auckland and is New Zealand's only channel dedicated to food, wine and restaurant society.
NJN ceased operations on June 30, 2011, with Public Media NJ taking control of the former NJN television stations the following day.
It was formally launched on 1 Jan 2016.
WRTN-LP is a low-power television station in the Nashville area, based in Lebanon, Tennessee and licensed to Alexandria.
Syndicated programming on WDKY includes Maury, The Steve Harvey Show, and Judge Judy, among others.
The focus of the station is the feminine and family.
The channel launched on June 26th 2004, born from the desire of young cable operators in Francophone-Africa.
The network broadcasts Liberty University Flames football, as well as men’s and women’s basketball games over the radio.
It can also been seen on local cable systems in eastern British Columbia.
RIT is transmitted in Brazil through systems as UHF, VHF, cable and Satellite, and is transmitted in all times of day.
Both transmitters flash-cut to digital on September 1, 2011.
Telemadrid is the first autonomous public television station of Madrid and the fifth national station, after those of Catalonia, Basque Country, Galicia and Andalusia.
Follow Me TV will contribute to the growth of the migrant community in the North America, particularly emphasizing the development of the people of Kerala.
WSET's studios and offices are located on Langhorne Road in Lynchburg, and its transmitter is located atop Thaxton Mountain, near Thaxton, Virginia.
Despite those ratings increases, the channel was shut down on December 31, 2011.
IRIB TV1 is one of the 40 national television channels in Iran.
The channel provides children with educational broadcasts.
It serves as an affiliate of the News 12 Networks slate of regional cable news channels in the New York City metropolitan area.
It launched after the 9XM Indian music channel.
WHMB-TV, virtual channel 40, is a LeSEA owned-and-operated television station located in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.
On 29 March 2009 Discovery rebranded in line with Discovery US, complete with new IDs and the slogan 'The World Is Just Awesome.'
After Daystar took over in 2009, the station finally completed its digital transmission facilities and resumed broadcasting on April 21, 2010 with Daystar programming.
KCTS-TV is the primary member station of the Public Broadcasting Service for the Seattle-Tacoma television market.
The channel is broadcast from the MTV Networks Benelux headquarters in Amsterdam.
KHON maintains studios on Piikoi Street in Honolulu; and its main transmitter is also located in the city, just northwest of the Hawaii Convention Center.
It was operated by the University of Alaska Fairbanks.
The digital channel is available in standard definition and high definition on Time Warner Cable on channels 4 and 865 respectively.
Founded January 11, 1988, the station is owned by Daystar Television Network.
It later moved south-southeast to the WUPA TV 43 tower south of Inman Park, and increased power to 150 kW.
Owned by Raycom Media, WAFF maintains studios on Memorial Parkway in Huntsville.
There are plans then to roll it out in Latin America, North America and Europe.
The Eternal Word Television Network, more commonly known by its initialism EWTN, is an American television network which presents around-the-clock Catholic-themed programming.
The name comes from Greek Βουλή Voulí, meaning 'assembly', 'council', or 'parliament'; and Tileórasi, meaning television.
Nowadays, it is available on every cable and satellite distributor as an option channel.
The station originally signed on the air September 25, 1961 as KTPS-TV, owned by the Tacoma Public Schools.
On cable, WPNT is carried on Comcast and Verizon FiOS channel 10, and 812 and 510.
The stations's call-sign has been deleted from the FCC database.
KPXO-TV is the Hawaii affiliate of the Ion Television network, owned by Ion Media Networks.
Although branded on-air as "Global Durham", the station's Global content is limited to only news programming.
WUSI-TV is a sister station to WUSI, also licensed to Olney, which airs the programming of WSIU(FM).
Vuzu is a South African youth-oriented television channel produced by M-Net for sister pay television platform DStv.
The extra feed was later removed in June 2016.
Baraem is funded by Qatar Foundation for Education, Science and Community Development, and managed by Al Jazeera Children’s Channel.
Dubai TV is a channel offered by the Dubai Media Incorporated.
Subchannel 16.1 runs three hours of children's programming from Youtoo America each week to meet its "E/I" programming requirements.
Its studio and transmitter facilities are located at Rooftop, TJ Building, Vinzons Ave., Daet, Camarines Norte, Bicol Region.
It shares studios with WICD on South Country Fair Drive in Downtown Champaign.
HD suisse is a former Swiss high-definition television channel operated by the public service broadcaster SRG SSR.
Syndicated programing on the station includes Roseanne, Family Feud, The Wendy Williams Show and The Cosby Show among others.
The channel is devoted to nature, adventure, science and technology programming.
The two stations combined serves southeastern Ohio and portions of neighboring West Virginia and Kentucky.
It is repeated on translator station KEZT-CD in Sacramento.
The network is a full-time HD and SD Channel.
This may be as "filler" during program test authority, as a placeholder for eventual television networks, permanently as brokered programming, or a combination of the three.
WRGB is owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group, and is the CBS affiliate for the Albany-Schenectady-Troy television market.
WBIV-LP is a low-power television station in St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands transmitting over analog channel 38.
Initially launched in 2004 as a satellite and cable TV channel, in has operated online since 2009.
It is owned and operated by the University of the District of Columbia.
Owned by Nexstar Media Group, WFXV is sister to low-powered MyNetworkTV affiliate WPNY-LP and ABC affiliate WUTR.
It also had an educational news service supplied by ITN.
VOIS is Canadian telecommunication service provider, headquartered in Calgary Ab.
It broadcasts an analogue signal on VHF channel 5 from a transmitter near 233 Road in Peace River.
WFLI-TV is the CW-affiliated television station for Chattanooga, Tennessee, United States that is licensed to Cleveland.
The station's license to operate does not expire until October, 2021.
TV3 entertains and educates its viewers through all the programs aired.
The Ten Guide was a television channel provided by Network Ten to digital television viewers in Australia.
IRIB HD is a television channel run by IRIB.
The station took on its current calls in 2006.
In June 2015, a Saturday evening request show was added to the station.
In May 2002, Krimi & Co was renamed "Premiere Krimi".
This channel was officially launched on 16 July 2007.
This technique is made more potent due to a formerly unforeseen interpretation of deregulatory language in FCC low-power television station regulations:
Between 1991 and 2010, INSP was a non-profit ministry focused network.
Like other network stations serving Plattsburgh and Burlington, WFFF-TV has a large audience in Southern Quebec, Canada.
The new logo and the packaging spells out the color red, the ethos of which runs in the geometricity of a pyramid – the brand mnemonic.
While Sashi Kumar, who held half the shares, resisted their overtures, Reji Menon, who held the remaining half, struck a deal with them.
TDM Ou Mun owned by TDM - Teledifusão de Macau, S. A. ,is the first broadcasting channel in Macau and free-to-air in Cantonese language.
XETV ceased its San Diego operations on that same date.
The channel went on air on 15 August 2008 as NDTV Imagine Showbiz.
News-Press NOW is a 24-hour local cable news and weather channel based in St. Joseph, Missouri and serves Buchanan, Nodaway, and Andrew counties.
The channel is partly owned by ANT1 Greece.
The station is owned by Mako Communications of Corpus Christi, Texas.
After OTV was closed by the CNA, Diaconescu used DDTV to broadcast the programs usually shown on OTV and CNA fined DDTV 100,000 lei.
Viva Cinema is a 24-hour Filipino cable channel owned by Viva Entertainment.
The television and radio stations share studio facilities located on Forsyth Street in downtown Macon; WPGA-TV maintains transmitter facilities located on GA 87/U.S.
It is available through numerous satellite, cable, terrestrial and IPTV distributors across Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
In March 2008, The Voice TV received a new broadcast license running from 1 April 2008.
ITV Sport Channel had 2 sister channels, ITV Sport Plus and ITV Sport Select.
It is also available on cable channel 21 via Frankfort Plant Board.
Canal Vasco is the name used to broadcast its contents via satellite and CATV operators in the Americas.
It is available on digital terrestrial television and digital satellite television.
Mathrubhumi News is a Malayalam-language television news channel owned by Mathrubhumi daily.
VisionTV is currently owned by ZoomerMedia, a company controlled by Moses Znaimer.
CBNLT was the local CBC Television owned-and-operated station for Labrador City, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
RTV USK is the regional broadcaster that has modern equipment for broadcasting radio and television programs, as well as audio and video production.
The company was established on October 1, 1969.
The channel shows big blockbusters, independent movies, classic movies, movies from the whole world and erotic movies.
It also served as an affiliate of the Prime Network from 1988 to 1996.
Currently, the station has a pending construction permit for a digital transmitter on channel 30.
WLOO is the MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station for Jackson, Mississippi, United States that is licensed to Vicksburg.
In 2005, WNYX began to air AlmaVision form 9am to 9pm and community programming weeknights and weekends.
The station's studios are located on North Victory Drive in Burbank, and its transmitter is located atop Mount Harvard.
It is a Finnish version of TV4 Guld.
NCN shared the same satellite transponder with the Playboy channel.
In the United Kingdom and Ireland, Life OK also ran under the STAR One brand until 28 May 2012, when it became Star Life OK.
Tongyang Broadcasting Company was a South Korean commercial television station which was merged by the government with KBS.
At the same time Discovery Networks Europe opened a local office in Bucharest.
It started broadcasting on September 1, 2013.
MTV3 is a Finnish commercial television station owned by Bonnier.
Fox Portugal is a Portuguese basic cable and satellite television channel.
WWTD-LD is a low-powered digital television station in Washington, D.C., broadcasting locally on channel 14.
Exclusive Live coverage from the Indian states of Telangana and Andhrapradesh.
Ashirwad Classic is an Hindi-language 24/7 Movie television channel, owned by Ashirwad natwork.
KITV, virtual channel 4, is an ABC-affiliated television station located in Honolulu, Hawaii, United States.
Disney Channel is a Canadian English-language Category B specialty channel owned by Corus Entertainment.
Since April 2003 the television program is reduced to one.
ETV is available on free-to-air on analogue terrestrial transmission via UHF channel 35 in the Colombo area and UHF channel 40 in the Kalutara area.
Cinelatino is a Spanish-language movie channel based in Mexico and is owned by MVS Comunicaciones & Hemisphere Media Group.
It aired on The WB from October 5, 1999, to May 19, 2004, consisting of five seasons and 110 episodes.
As of July 2015, AMC was received by approximately 94,832,000 households in the United States that subscribe to a pay television service.
The station was founded by the Iron Ore Company of Canada Aviation, Limited, and was co-owned with nearby sister station CFKL-TV 7 in Schefferville, Quebec.
bTV Comedy is a Bulgarian family-based television channel, airing mostly comedy series.
The station's signal is relayed on two low-power translator stations: KUAN-LD in Poway and KSKJ-CD in Van Nuys.
Kawish Television Network is the first private Sindhi TV channel of Pakistan.
On March 30, 2006, the station was granted a construction permit to begin converting operations to digital television.
Its studios were located at the GMA Network Center in Quezon City.
Cartoons launched on April 30, 2012 with Do's and Dont's.
TV da Gente was a Brazilian television network targeted toward Afro-Brazilian audience.
The channel began broadcasting on November 24, 2008.
WSAV-TV is the NBC-affiliated television station for Southeastern Georgia's Coastal Empire and Southern South Carolina's Lowcountry.
TV8 is also available through digital terrestrial broadcasts in Sweden, as well as on the satellite platforms of Viasat and Canal Digital.
CCTV-11 is the Chinese opera channel of the CCTV Network in the People's Republic of China launched on July 9, 2001.
Licensed to Pocatello, it broadcasts a digital signal on channel 23.
The channel is available in two time shifted feeds, East and West.
MTV Fakta XL was a Finnish television station owned and operated by MTV3.
The channel goes to full on air 21 June 2012.
It operates daily from 6:00 AM to 12:00 MN.
WHPX's offices are located in New London, and its transmitter is located in the Oakdale neighborhood of Montville near Lake Konomoc.
In early September 2008 it was announced that The Voice TV would be closed down on 30 September.
During its entire run on Channel 12, KDUL-LP operated under construction permit program test authority.
TV4 FaktaXL is a Swedish television channel owned and operated by the TV4 Group.
In 2006, all Serbian cable operators and their satellite platform, Total TV began with broadcasting this channel.
The network is available on digital terrestrial television as well as cable and satellite.
WREX operates Stateline CW 14, a digital broadcast affiliate of The CW Television Network via The CW Plus.
As with other channels of Turkmenistan, it is under the control Coordinating Council for Television and Radio Broadcasting of the Cabinet of Ministers of Turkmenistan.
It is a second digital subchannel of NBC affiliate WLTZ.
The channel is based in the city of Mumbai, Maharashtra.
It is a spin-off channel of MAD TV.
KTXL, virtual and UHF digital channel 40, is a Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Sacramento, California, United States.
Moreover, the pick-and-pay policies being implemented for Canadian specialty channels in 2016 do not affect premium services like TMN.
KSWB maintains studio facilities located on Engineer Road in the city's Kearny Mesa section, and its transmitter is located southeast of Spring Valley.
Most Northland residents needed a converter to watch WFTV, and the picture quality left much to be desired even with one.
The channel features localised advertising and sponsorship for the Irish market.
The network footprint covers India & the Indian Sub-continent.
Other channels of own television syndication network are ODEON TOP, TLC Telecampione, TLC TOP and TeleReporter.
It was launched on 23 August 2009, as the second station owned by Diaconescu, besides OTV.
WNYE-TV, channel 25, is a non-commercial educational, independent television station located in New York City, owned by the NYC Media Group.
In April 2007, Antena 2 has been launched.
Over 50% of the channel's programming is local content.
It replaced Canal+ Comedy on April 1, 2010.
TV4 shows include English Premier League, motocross, Estonian club football, volleyball, and basketball.
The channel is available on satellite to the pashtun population of Asia and Middle East.
KBBV-CD is the call sign for an Estrella TV-affiliated television station broadcasting on channel 19.
Related to the Crimean crises 2014 ICTV broadcasts in Sevastopol ended on 9 March 2014, 14:30 o'clock East European time
CFTS-TV is a community channel in the community of Teslin, Yukon.
This was a similar arrangement to its radio station, NME Radio, which is operated by Town and Country Broadcasting.
Eén is considered to be the equivalent of its Walloon counterpart, La Une, the first channel of the Belgian Francophone broadcaster, RTBF.
WUPA, virtual channel 69, is a CW owned-and-operated television station located in Atlanta, Georgia, United States.
It is home to numerous, news-centric television shows, like Dunya Kamran Khan Kay Sath, On The Front as well as satirical infotainment shows like Hasb-e-Haal.
WLLP-CA was a Class A television station that was licensed to and serving Lawrenceburg, Tennessee.
Prior to 9 October 2006, Movies4Men 2 was previously known as ACTIONMAX.
On 1 September 2009, Disney Channel started broadcasting in 16:9 widescreen.
KETC, virtual channel 9, is a PBS member television station licensed to St. Louis, Missouri, United States.
There is a high definition feed provided on Midcontinent digital channel 604 and Consolidated digital channel 304 in Dickinson.
The rest of the schedule will be made up of music videos and content from various channels from MTV Networks.
Star Movies Select HD is an Indian cable and satellite television channel, which is owned by STAR India.
MEGA Cosmos is the international network of Mega Channel, a television network in Greece.
On 13 February 2009, Bubble Hits went off air and was removed from most of the TV EPGs.
Established February 15, 1953, it left the air on July 13, 1953, becoming the first UHF television station in the United States to have ceased operations.
WTVY is the CBS-affiliated television station for the Wiregrass Region of Southeastern Alabama and the Florida Panhandle.
WLMO-LP is the CBS-affiliated television station for Northwestern Ohio that is licensed to Lima.
The network consists primarily of 263 low-powered television stations across the United States, and is also available on C-band free-to-air satellite services.
The Channel disseminates real time news through multiple platforms like television, web and mobile.
However, neither WNYO-TV nor any other MyNetworkTV affiliate is available on cable in portions of Cattaraugus County, New York, which is served by Atlantic Broadband.
The station broadcasts on UHF channel 15, with no digital channel.
Setanta Sports Asia used to be part of the Setanta Sports group of television channels that operate around the world in Ireland and Turkey.
KCBU was sold at auction to the Daystar Television Network on April 16, 2009, indicating another programming change.
The third M6 channel was named 6ter as the M6's little sister.
From 1994 to 2007, it was owned and operated by The Atlanta Channel, Inc., which also broadcast the channel into many local hotels.
During off-air hours from Monday to Thursday, the channel space is allocated to hook-up ABS-CBN's O Shopping from its main cable feed.
It is directly affiliated with CTVN's flagship station from Pittsburgh, WPCB-TV.
CBS Sports Network is an American digital cable and satellite television network that is owned by the CBS Corporation.
It is jointly owned by Nine Entertainment and the Southern Cross Austereo and operates under the company name Darwin Digital Television.
As of April 2017, One America News Network reaches approximately 35 million homes in the United States.
The station is a second digital subchannel of NBC affiliate WKTV that is owned by Heartland Media.
WDSF-LD is a low-powered digital MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station that is licensed to and serving Montgomery, Alabama.
This left WFTV with ABC and DuMont.
In 2006, the new L!VE TV's name was changed to Babeworld to reflect the channel's gradual change of focus towards "adult material".
SuperTennis is an Italian terrestrial and satellite television channel broadcasting tennis live.
The site was accessible via the public internet and within the walled garden of the Telewest and Cable and Wireless cable television platforms.
Since February 1, 2014, Fox changed name of their BS channel FOX bs238 as Fox Sports and Entertainment
The station is also offered on DirecTV channel 44 and Dish Network channel 5.
It also has journalists from Russia and Serbia who speak Spanish.
Mr. Myers hosted several of the station's TV programs.
The expired digital permit for W06CM was for the WUPA tower near Reynoldstown in Atlanta, east-southeast of downtown along Interstate 20..
KPTM, virtual channel 42, is a Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Omaha, Nebraska, United States and also serving Council Bluffs, Iowa.
Kidz TV, a children's and anime channel.
Let your beloved children learn in a happy environment and grow in self-reliance.
Stöð 2 Sport is only broadcast in Iceland and only in Icelandic.
As a result, it shut down due to bankruptcy in 2009 and its UHF frequency was sold to TV Klan.
It is available on most cable providers throughout Arizona; Fox Sports Arizona is also available nationwide on satellite providers DirecTV and Dish Network.
Belsat TV is a satellite television channel aimed at Belarus.
The current track numbers and descriptions could be found via the Lifestyle Teletext service, frames broadcast in between videos and in Satellite TV Europe magazine.
WKBN-TV also operates Youngstown's ABC affiliate, Vaughan Media-owned WYTV through shared services and joint sales agreements.
It repeats KFFX most of the day, though it airs separate identifications and commercials and has its own Website.
SABC's head office and studio is based in Auckland Park, Johannesburg and they also have offices in Cape Town.
WWDT-CD is the Telemundo affiliate for the Fort Myers/Naples, Florida television market, licensed in Naples.
1 in southeastern Jacksonville, and its transmitter is located on Newton Road in the city's Brackridge neighborhood.
RTÉ News Now is a 24-hour news television network in the Republic of Ireland operated by Irish public service broadcaster RTÉ.
It is a 3-year deal that includes exclusive TV and digital rights.
The channel was closed during August 2012.
WFIE is the NBC-afifliated television station for the Tri-State area of Southwestern Indiana, Northwestern Kentucky and Southeastern Illinois that's licensed to Evansville, Indiana.
Canal 2 is a private Costa Rican television channel.
From 2012, FX Latin America will air in HD across the continent
The channel also broadcasts series from other Canal+ channels.
Superstacja is a Polish TV channel of news and entertainment, created 2 October 2006.
While HAAT was not listed, average terrain for the region is about 300 meters.
KPNZ, virtual and UHF digital channel 24), is an Estrella TV owned-and-operated television station serving Salt Lake City, Utah, United States that is licensed to Ogden.
It also operated CBS affiliate WXVT under a shared services agreement, owned by John Wagner, until moving the affilation to WNBD-LD.
Steve Dawkins, Managing Director of the company continued to lead Real Estate TV despite the January 2008 controlling stake purchase by Fox International Channels 
XHAMO-TDT channel 11 is a public television station in Colima, Colima.
The station carries programming from the Home Shopping Network.
WCZU-LD is a digital low-powered television station that is licensed to and located in Bowling Green, Kentucky, USA.
The deal will make WARP a sister station to WSVT-LD, which LocusPoint acquired a month later.
The channel mainly broadcasts United States imports including drama series and TV movies such as House MD and Law & Order.
It was the first to introduce 4K cameras paired with movie-quality lenses to film and produce its dramas, programs, and news special reports.
This channel is divided in four segmets: Live, Compact, ESPN3.0 and ESPN Series.
Nickelodeon Spain is a Spanish channel for kids shown in Spain.
Programming was mostly sourced from Warner Brothers Television.
The Sikh Channel primarily focuses on education and religious programming for the Sikh community.
The station operates in analog on UHF channel 48 and in digital on UHF channel 46 with its transmitter atop South Mountain.
The problem with Cablevision was fixed one day later.
It is one of the two major UK horse racing television channels, along with At The Races.
NRK Super broadcasts between 7am and 7pm.
Fox Sports and Entertainment is a general entertainment and sports television company launched in Japan in 2013.
RTV Maglaj or Televizija Maglaj is a Bosnian local commercial television channel based in Maglaj.
The website was launched in late 2014.
WJCN TV began broadcasting 24/7 in 1989 and has been on the air continuously since then.
HGTV broadcasts programs regarding real estate, home and garden design, and renovations.
Its studios are located at 6th floor, First Global Building #122 Gamboa St. cor.
Cartoon Network Germany is available in Germany, Austria and Switzerland.
In addition, AXN premieres shows close to their U.S. premieres in its ‘Fresh from the U.S.’ slot on weekends.
Run by the Israel Broadcasting Authority, it started broadcasting on 2 May 1968, and is largely funded through a television licence, though there are some adverts.
Das Vierte was a German TV station replaced in January 2014 by Disney Channel.
ESPNews benefited from the leverage ESPN has with cable operators.
The programming consists of opera, ballet, and concertos.
In May 2016, Metro 3 was rebranded to Metro Nashville Network.
Members can give feedback on content here and uniquely receive a response from the sites producers including Tim Lovejoy.
Southern Oregon was the only region of the state without public television.
Licensed to Fort Pierce, it broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 34 from a transmitter in unincorporated Martin County.
Southern Oregon Public Television is the Public Broadcasting Service member Public television for most of southwest region of the U.S. state of Oregon.
In Canada, the channel shows are distributed via Ethnic Channels Group and categories as Canadian Category B Tamil-language specialty channel.
Many WNBA teams have direct NBA counterparts and play in the same arena.
WSPX-TV has been operating since November 24, 1998.
RTP Internacional is available across all of North America for free via Galaxy 19 and Intelsat-805 [1].
The channel returned to Sky as a programming block on Friendly TV on 20 October 2003 and the Information TV range of channels in August 2010.
KVCW, virtual channel 33, is a CW-affiliated television station located in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States.
KUVI maintains studio facilities located on Truxtun Avenue in the western section of Bakersfield, and its transmitter located near Rock Springs, in Mount Adelaide.
This channel broadcast sport, like the Czech channel ČT4.
The channel was founded by Jur Bron and Gerard Ardesch and officially owned by their company TV Digitaal BV.
KYTV, virtual channel 3, is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Springfield, Missouri, United States.
KTVE maintains transmitter facilities located northwest of Huttig, Arkansas, while the two stations share studios located on Pavilion Road in West Monroe.
This television channel broadcasts a variety of programs such as flash news, talk shows, documentaries, movies, mosaic and children's programs.
XHUJED-TDT is a television station located in Durango, Durango.
K25HD-D and K27EC-D are low-power television stations serving Bullhead City, Arizona and Lake Havasu City, Arizona, respectively, as Cornerstone Television Network affiliates.
KHME's transmitter is located near Spearfish, South Dakota.
HPItv broadcasts thoroughbred, standardbred, and harness racing events and related programming.
Launched in 1970, QTV was the first television network to produce and transmit its own programmes in the country.
WIVX-LD, originally W65AH, was purchased from Ohio University, and simulcasts WIVM programming to portions of Ashland, Holmes, Knox, Richland & Wayne counties.
TF1 is a private national French TV channel, controlled by TF1 Group, whose major share-holder is Bouygues.
In 2005, KCWB flipped to Almavision until mid-summer, when they became an affiliate of the new Tvida Vision network.
It was formed in 2008 by CGN, Inc. and broadcasts on channel 7 on Charter Communications.
Its studios are located at the ABS-CBN Broadcast Center, Tambo, Lipa, Batangas.
The channel was broadcast on Sky Digital channel 17.
Like Mediaset it televised films, and Serie A football.
Fox Crime is a television channel in Italy owned by Fox Networks Group, dedicated to crime series.
It also has viewership in the province of Alberta, Canada, including the cities of Edmonton and Calgary.
KWCH-DT, virtual channel 12, is a CBS-affiliated television station serving Wichita, Kansas, United States that is licensed to Hutchinson.
channels 7 and 907, and AT&T U-Verse channels 20 and 1020.
.tv was a British television channel dedicated to technology.
This television channel broadcasts a variety of programs such as news, talk shows, documentaries, sports, movies, mosaic, children's programs, etc.
KMLU, virtual and VHF digital channel 11, is a MeTV-affiliated television station serving the El Dorado, Arkansas/Monroe, Louisiana market, licensed to Columbia, Louisiana, United States.
CCTV-7 is a flagship free-to-air terrestrial television channel of the CCTV in the People's Republic of China.
Initially, Nickelodeon Portugal relayed the Central European feed with a Portuguese audio track and partial local breaks.
Film1 is a Dutch premium television service owned by Sony Pictures Television.
Founded in April 1995, Zee Cinema was the first Hindi movie channel in India.
Canal 3 Pichilemu is a Chilean TV channel, with its headquarters located in Pichilemu, O'Higgins Region.
From 2014 Polsat Group is a direct broadcaster of TV6.
The ident of the channel was awarded the Bronze Lion at Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity in 2012.
Until 2007, PTV News was known as PTV World.
All four stations are currently owned by TBN.
Penthouse TV is a Canadian English language Category B specialty channel that broadcasts adult entertainment material, primarily in the form of pornographic films.
A former semi-satellite in Calgary aired separate commercials, but otherwise aired identical programming prior to its shutdown in 2012.
KDTF-LD, virtual channel 36, is a UniMás-affiliated television station located in San Diego, California, United States.
It is headquartered at Milanello, the training center of Milan.
WCTV is the CBS-affiliated television station for South Georgia and Florida's Big Bend.
CNC3 Television is a television station privately owned by Guardian Media Limited serving Trinidad and Tobago.
International affairs are explored in the program Sociedade das Nações, hosted by Martim Cabral and Nuno Rogeiro.
The stations air locally produced news, sport and feature output, alongside networked and acquired programming, including daily simulcasts from factual entertainment channel TruTV.
Canal J is a French television network dedicated to children's programming.
It is owned by Jim Simpson's Rapid Broadcasting, and is also the sister station to KWBH-LP.
They take part in the leading events of the fashion world.
This includes Chinese dramas, documentary, variety shows, TVB content, local Cantonese programmes and more.
.tv was closed on 2 September 2001 because of low audience ratings.
WMDF-LD is a low-powered television station in Key West, Florida, owned by Paradise TV.
KCAL-TV, virtual and VHF digital channel 9, is an independent television station located in Los Angeles, California, United States.
TVU began in 2001, and is owned and operated by Spirit Communications Incorporated, and is a fully non-profit, listener-supported station.
TRT INT was a Turkish television station part of the Turkish Radio and Television Corporation.
This channel was a channel for test HD broadcasting.
Owned by Nexstar Media Group, the station is sister to CW affiliate KXTU-LD and the two share studios on Wooten Road.
In 2015, the network was rebranded as Pop.
Originally launched as GNT: Globosat News Television, a news and information network.
It broadcasts exclusively to the Dundrum Town Centre complex, the largest shopping centre in Ireland, and among the largest in Europe.
Based in Trivandrum, Kerala, the channel is part of Asianet Communications Limited owned by STAR India.
It is the first satellite channel by the national TV broadcaster to broadcast via satellite.
24 is a news broadcaster from Turkey founded in 2007 and centrally located in Istanbul.
It is tied for the tallest structure of the state and is one of the tallest structures in America.
It is the only over-the-air TV station available on this turistic point.
KUPT-LD has been on the air since late August 2014 airing both Movies!
In 2002, CBYT ceased to exist as a separately licensed station; its transmitter was assigned to the licence of CBNT.
Broadcast is 1080i video encoded with MPEG4/H.264.
PBJ was an American digital broadcast children's television network that was a joint venture between Luken Communications and DreamWorks Classics.
It is wholly owned by Corus Entertainment, under a brand licensing agreement with Viacom's International Media Networks division.
The channel airs more than 35 premier movies per year directly from the cinema to the television.
Under their Ion affiliation this is less obvious, though some local programs continue to be carried in some timeslots, pre-empting Ion programming.
In 2007, Domashny’s average audience share in its target demographic was 2.4%, compared to 1.7% in 2006.
WEPX 38.1 is now broadcasting in High Definition.
Pitch World acted as a sister channel to Pitch TV.
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on VHF channel 8 from a transmitter at its studios on Rice Avenue in the city.
TVP Kultura is the first TV theme channel to be run by the Polish public broadcaster TVP.
KIBN-LD is a low-powered FamilyNet affiliate in Lufkin, Texas.
Since 2009, the network's slogan has been "Welcome Home".
K20HZ is a low-power television station in Palm Springs, California, broadcasting locally on channel 20 as an affiliate of HSN.
Croatian Music Channel, most commonly referred to only as CMC is a Croatian television channel broadcasting Croatian music and music of Croatian production.
Sky Cinema CULT was originally called Cult Network Italia; in 2006, the name was shortened to CULT.
WBMS began broadcasting in 1994 as W10BD, affiliated with America's Voice.
The Liberty Broadcasting Network was renamed to FamilyNet in June 1988, and at the same time became a for-profit entity.
The two stations share studios on North Wymore Road in Eatonville and its transmitter is located in unincorporated Bithlo.
K08MM-D is a low-power Class A television station in Bakersfield, California, broadcasting locally in digital on UHF channel 15 as an affiliate of 3ABN.
TV Johor is an upcoming state television channel owned by Radio Television Malaysia.
Sportsnet Ontario is a Canadian regional sports specialty channel owned by Rogers Communications serving most of all Ontario.
Shop TV is a 24-hour shopping related TV channel owned by Solar Entertainment Corporation.
WBQC's transmitter is located along Symmes Street, just south of East McMillan Street in Cincinnati.
The Fox News broadcasts were discontinued in September 2006.
Originally W20AU on channel 20, it became W04DB on channel 4 due to the FCC assignment of WTBS TV 17 to DTV channel 20.
The station is owned by the Tribune Broadcasting division of the Tribune Media Company.
It is currently Scripps' only CW affiliate since KNIN-TV in Caldwell, Idaho switched from The CW to Fox in 2011.
N1 is a 24-hour cable news channel launched on 30 October 2014.
WSST-TV, virtual and UHF digital channel 22, is a Youtoo America-affiliated television station located in Cordele, Georgia, United States.
It signed on the air in 1984.
It is also transmitted in high definition.
As with its American counterpart, HBO Brazil has premium characteristics, and invests in original programming.
Prior to 1 July 2016, NBN operated as an independent regional station, and not as part of the main network under the name NBN.
ATV had started its transmission since July 16, 2007.
WUVG-DT, virtual channel 34, is a Univision owned-and-operated television station serving Atlanta, Georgia, United States that is licensed to Athens.
MTV Latin America is distributed via satellite, cable, and other terrestrial distribution through of three different feeds in Argentina, Colombia and Mexico.
The owner is Seven Music Entertainment, owned by Gianluca Galliani, son of Adriano Galliani.
The station is owned by the ABC Owned Television Stations subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company.
WNYX returned on the air in November 2010 with a new format, airing mostly religious and paid programming under a new owner Jacobs Broadcasting.
It was launched on July 4, 1994 and was carried in 10 million American households upon launch.
Its sister channel is Tamasha TV that merged with Namayesh TV at December 2014, but then relaunched on 10 August 2016.
KDFW, virtual channel 4, is a Fox owned-and-operated television station serving the Dallas–Fort Worth Metroplex that is licensed to Dallas, Texas, United States.
At the same time the programmes from History Channel disappeared from TV8.
WWXY-LD's studios are located at the Marcom Tower in Ave. Ponce de Leon in Santurce and its transmitter at Cerro la Marquesa in Aguas Buenas.
The station is available on channel 12 on most cable providers in the Bay Area.
The channel was launched on 25 Nov 2013 and is currently available in Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand and the Philippines.
It was also the first earth station and teleport of the northeast.
It appears to a female-skewed, male-inclusive audience who love to escape, engage, and lose themselves in premium content.
Nishinippon Broadcasting Co., Ltd. is a Japanese television and radio broadcaster in Kagawa and Okayama.
In the pan-Arab TV news market it competes against Al Jazeera and Al Arabiya, and also against Sky News Arabia and BBC Arabic Television.
The channels broadcasts almost all their series in English with French subtitles but their also broadcasts series dubbed in French or French series.
It aired Telefe and Record soaps from Brazil and Argentina.
Samanyolu TV has later created two official websites for Turkish origins of both, North American audiences, and Turkish audiences .
The channel shows documentaries mostly on Russia but also from around the globe.
It was launched as the second TV channel in Mauritius on 30 July 1990 after the MBC 1.
It was also available on Sky Italia and on IPTV.
ERT World is the international service of ERT, Greece's public broadcaster.
Telenovela Channel is a telenovela-based cable channel in the Philippines network owned by Beginnings at Twenty Plus, Inc. with the partnership of Televisa.
Hope Channel Philippines is a religious network of the Seventh-day Adventist Church & Gateway UHF Broadcasting in the Philippines.
Starting in Norway in March 2010, Discovery Networks are rolling out the TLC brand internationally.
Owned by the Sistema Chihuahuense de Televisión, it is a non-commercial community station founded by Sergio Valles.
Later, two color cameras were purchased from International Video Corporation, as well as a color video tape machine.
Unlike the other TV1000 channels, which were broadcasting round-the-clock, TV1000 Drama would only broadcast between 6 p.m. and 6 a.m.
The network launched on 3 October 1997.
Persian Vision had been previously dissolved due to non-compliance earlier in 2005.
IND24 is a 24-hour Hindi news television channel owned by IND.
Take dina din is an Indian music television channel.
On Shaw Direct, the channel is available on 338 or 017, and in high definition on channel 015 or 515.
Battery-powered camcorders combined the recorder and the camera into one portable and increasingly compact and affordable unit.
On 30 May 2013 TEN Cricket was removed due to a carriage dispute.
KKAX-LP broadcasts on UHF channel 36 from its transmitter located on Hayden Peak, and serves Kingman, Golden Valley and surrounding area.
All Turkish & pakistani series are dubbed into Syrian Arabic.
The station is owned by the Trinity Broadcasting Network.
The channel focuses on coverage of the sport of golf, including live coverage of tournaments, as well as factual and instructional programming .
UKTV Bright Ideas was a digital television channel broadcast in the United Kingdom, which was part of the UKTV family of channels.
It was owned by the Samsung Group founder Lee Byung Chull.
Logo TV is an American digital cable and satellite television channel that is owned by Viacom Media Networks.
This means that the channel can promote itself using sentences such as "We love 11".
MTV Polska is the Polish version of the international music channel MTV.
The two channels are similar in their politics, and they compete directly in entertainment.
WNYN-LD is a local station for New York City.
There are no journalism students associated with 4FSU's productions because Florida State University does not have a journalism program.
This permit has since expired, however, an identical permit was granted on November 3, 2011, with the station to have broadcast on channel 41 as K41MV-D.
Though on average it doesn't draw high viewership, RTS2 often may win the viewing day with special sporting events or special parliamentary debates.
bTV is broadcast terrestrially in Bulgaria and by satellite in other parts of Europe.
On 31 December 2012 Video Italia ceased broadcasting and merged with the digital terrestrial channel Radio Italia TV.
NHK World Premium is the international broadcasting service of NHK, Japan's public broadcaster.
At one point, viewers were invited to submit videos of themselves saying the phrase, which were then played in a montage before each forecast.
The abbreviation KSB stands for K. K. Setonaikai Broadcasting, the corporate name in romaji.
TV Legal formed The Sikh Channel Community Broadcasting Company Limited to accept donations, which are used to pay broadcast and programming costs.
Azad Azerbaijan TV is a private television station in Azerbaijan.
sixx is a German commercial television station specialised for women.
The two stations share studio facilities located on Central Avenue in Fort Myers; WBBH's transmitter is located along SR 31 in unincorporated southeastern Charlotte County.
During the fall 2009 semester, there were 16 student-produced shows that covered topics from cooking to sports to sitcoms.
All regular season and many spring training games are broadcast.
The station is currently owned by Broadcast Group, Ltd., an American business related to XHIJ-TDT.
In 2003, the company was sold to General Manager Tom Conroy who is also Managing Director for the station.
KMAH-LP is a low-power television station in Cheyenne, Wyoming.
FGO began programming in late fall 2011, and, as of July 2014, has six broadcast affiliates.
This channel was launched on 17 November 2005 by the then-Information Minister Datuk Seri Abdul Kadir Sheikh Fadzir.
Aluetelevisio was a Finnish cable television channel which operated from the end of the 1990s to the start of the 2000s.
The station airs locally produced programming including a daily newscast, government meetings, music shows, and high school sports.
It was at an effective radiated power of 14.1 kW video with a positive frequency offset, at 136 meters above ground level or 438 meters AMSL.
Cinema TV is an Indian cable and satellite television channel, owned by Softline Creations.
Additionally the channel is available free-to-air on the Eutelsat 28A satellite.
It was launched on 20 March 2016 to replace TVNZ's popup channel that was used to air Wimbledon.
As of February 2015, TV One is available to approximately 57 million pay television households in the United States.
Thane Direct returned to Freesat on channel 811 on 3 November 2010, after completing technical work.
It broadcasts a low-powered analog signal on VHF channel 11 from a transmitter in the city's Lacymark section.
During the daytime, it will broadcast SVT Forum which broadcasts seminars, debates and coverage of the Riksdag and the European Parliament.
There have been calls for her to dance again to dull down the controversy that has surrounded this event.
The station can also be seen on Charter channel 10 in SD and in HD form on digital channel 781.
The station is an affiliate of Estrella TV, Azteca America, GetTV and GRIT.
C More Kids was a Scandinavian premium television channel showing family movies and programs from CBeebies.
Also, twice a month, the station aires a magazine scheduled after the nightly news bulletin Soir 3.
Antena 3 is listed as the third channel on television sets throughout Spain, except certain autonomous communities where the autonomous television station occupies channel 3.
The channel offers programmes about lifestyle, culture, travel, tourism, commerce, and trade.
The signal covers all of Huntington, and also can reach parts of Ashland, Kentucky and Ironton, Ohio.
The company provides management and marketing consultancy for radio companies in the country.
It is broadcast on the Astro satellite television platform via Channel 502, HyppTV via Channel 410 and the Fine TV IPTV-based network via Channel 12.
These were joined by the reports, which are broadcast on Canal Nou and Canal Nou 24 as well as some sports.
WDDN-LD is a low-power religious television station in Washington, DC, broadcasting locally on channel 23 as an affiliate of Daystar.
WYTV, channel 33, is an ABC-affiliated television station located in Youngstown, Ohio, USA.
It broadcasts programming from India as well as Canadian content.
The station also uses channel 23 as its PSIP, and is an affiliate of 3ABN.
The station used to transmit on analog channel 62 from Pahrump, Nevada.
Its headquarters are in Cerna, a frazione of Sant'Anna d'Alfaedo, Italy, with branches in Trento, Agrigento, Lodi, Fátima and Jerusalem.
The station's studios located at Matina, Davao City.
On 20 July 2015, the channel also became available on Sky Channel 117.
It is now off the air indefinitely.
Unlike PBS in the United States it does not solicit donations from viewers.
WMDO-CD, virtual channel 47, is a low-powered UniMás-affiliated television station licensed to the American capital city of Washington, District of Columbia.
The original Tera computer turned out to be nearly unmanufacturable due to its aggressive packaging and circuit technology.
The channel is available on terrestrial across Afghanistan and satellite across the region.
KLEP was an independent non-commercial educational television station in Newark, Arkansas, broadcasting on UHF channel 17.
DWGT-TV, channel 4, is the flagship station of Philippine-government owned television network People's Television Network.
Fiji Television Limited is Fiji's main television network.
XHNSJ, and all of XHTPG and XHNSJ's shadows, were given a one-year extension to transition to digital television and thus remain in analog.
TV5 Mongolia, or TV5, is a television broadcasting station in Mongolia.
Real Madrid TV is a free Digital television channel, operated by Real Madrid specialising in the Spanish football club.
The station broadcasts on UHF channel 31, with no digital signal currently on-the-air.
The channel is available across all major cable and DTH platforms as well as online.
In addition, My LVTV can be seen on channel 12 and in high definition on digital channel 1012.
In Sweden, the channel was carried from the launch by IPTV distributor Telia Digital-tv and the satellite distributors Viasat and Canal Digital.
Al-Alam has news bureaus in Tehran, Beirut and Baghdad.
News television channel, owned by 1st India Group Asia Limited Jaipur.
The station is carried on cable channel 6 in most parts of the market.
WBQM-LD is a low-power Spanish independent television station licensed to New York, New York.
Telemundo returned to North Carolina, WSOC 9.2, replacing Laff which moved to WAXN 64.4.
As of November 23, 2011, television providers that carry the new channel include Bell TV, Shaw Direct, Vidéotron.
It is an affiliate of Spanish-language television network, Telemundo.
This channel was formerly a joint venture with STAR TV until July 31, 2003.
Fox handled programming, advertising and promotional services for Foxnet at its corporate headquarters on Pico Boulevard in Los Angeles.
In 2009, the channel got a new logo, which is similar to the previous Comedy Central logo.
It started broadcasting on March 8, 1958.
WUMN-LP is the Univision-affiliated television station for the Minneapolis–Saint Paul metropolitan area and is licensed to Minnesota.
DYBB-TV, is a television station owned by GMA Network in Kalibo, Aklan.
Viewers in Wallonia, Brussels and Luxembourg receive Disney Junior.
WTLV, virtual channel 12, is an NBC-affiliated television station located in Jacksonville, Florida, United States.
They also operate satellite studios in Rogers and on Kelley Highway in Fort Smith.
Signals from the stations can also be received in parts of Iowa, South Dakota and North Dakota.
Ltd based in Mumbai, a 50/50 joint venture operation between Viacom Inc. and Network TV 18.
WNPT, virtual and VHF digital channel 8, is a PBS member television station licensed to Nashville, Tennessee, United States.
KLRT-TV, virtual channel 16, is a Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Little Rock, Arkansas, United States.
Every night the programming is dedicated to a theme, such as a director or a genre.
The channel mainly featured a range of DIY style programs.
On January 23, 2012, RIS launched a high definition feed and rebranded as "RDS Info".
KGEC-LD Channel 26 is an independent broadcast television station based in Redding, California.
TVR Târgu Mureș programmes are broadcast in the Transylvania region of Romania, covering five counties in the central part of the country.
The channel primarily broadcasts docu-series and entertainment programming related to adventure and exploration.
In the Smyrna area, Cobb edTV is available on Charter cable channel 95.
It is now on Astra for the South African market.
A property of Zee Entertainment Enterprises, Zee Khana Khazana has several syndicated shows on international cuisines along with food secrets from many regions of India.
It broadcast in DVB-T/MPEG-4 format, at 1080i resolution.
The station is currently airing programs from the Spanish language network Estrella TV.
Yle TV2 is a Finnish television channel owned and operated by Yle.
Yle Fem and Yle Teema were merged together into one network on 24 April 2017, as Yle Teema & Fem.
The station has studios located on the North Campus of UNM, and the transmitter is based from Sandia Crest.
The channel broadcasts both local and international programming, including general entertainment, children's series, sport and movies.
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 35 from a transmitter on South Helen Lake Road southeast of Republic in rural Marquette County.
It ranges from home improvements to home investments, renovation, gardens and property.
Now this channel is available in HD on many DTH platforms.
Esport3 is a TV channel of Televisió de Catalunya dedicated to sports programming.
It is owned by one of Bangladesh's largest conglomerate Beximco.
This station can also be seen on Shaw Cable and MTS TV channel 2, and Bell TV channel 226.
In the summer TV2 Zulu tours Denmark with an outdoor cinema, Zulu Sommerbio.
She hosted her own show, Mother Angelica Live, until suffering a major stroke and other health issues in September 2001.
In addition, the channel moved from channel 117 to channel 133.
First broadcast on October 20, 2014, on StarHub TV in Singapore, Oh!K is a pan-regional channel currently available in Indonesia, Malaysia, Brunei, Hong Kong and Singapore.
The station was available on satellite and certain cable TV networks.
The two stations are owned by Morgan Murphy Media, who also owns KXLY-TV in Spokane, Washington.
KXLA is licensed to Rancho Palos Verdes, California USA.
The station maintains studio and transmitter facilities located on the U.S. Route 83 in North Platte.
As part of The CW Plus, it is a third digital subchannel of the NBC affiliate KOMU-TV, which is owned by the University of Missouri.
The station has been branded as ux since 2006, after the last two letters of the station's call sign.
In 1970 WGSF became a member station of PBS, and was soon connected to the national feed, ending reliance of WOSU for networked programming.
The station is owned by Nexstar Media Group and is currently a sister station to CW affiliate KWBQ and MyNetworkTV affiliate KASY-TV.
WGTA, virtual channel 32, is a MeTV-affiliated television station licensed to Toccoa, Georgia, United States and serving much of the northeastern portion of the state.
Operated by the Sistema Jalisciense de Radio y Televisión, it is owned by the State of Jalisco.
It broadcasts to people in the northern part of Jutland, Greenland and in the Faroe Islands.
TNL TV is an English and Sinhala language television channel in Sri Lanka owned by Telshan Network.
Founded February 22, 1995, the station is owned by Three Angels Broadcasting Network.
WEDE-CD's beginnings were as a translator station on channel 17 since its inception in 1989.
It broadcasts a high-definition digital signal on VHF channel 2 from a transmitter in Shuniah.
It was known as Sci Fi Channel then.
As a major part of the BBC News department, the channel is based at and broadcast from Broadcasting House in Central London.
It featured local country & western talent in a Grand Ole Opry style format.
Astro Oasis is a Malaysian television station owned and operated by Astro.
However, it was dropped by TalkTalk in December 2015.
Right now it is only available in Herat province.
Sangeet Bangla is a Free to Air Indian music television channel owned and managed by Media Worldwide Limited, based in Kolkata, India.
RT Movies is an Hindi-language 24/7 Movie television channel, owned by Royal Television Limited
The station is branded as ABC 7, in reference to its channel location on most Fort Myers area cable systems.
Owned by Raycom Media, KLTV maintains studio facilities located on West Ferguson Street in Downtown Tyler, and its transmitter is located in rural northern Smith County.
WOVA-LD is the low-powered, Fox-affiliated television station for the Mid-Ohio Valley that is licensed to Parkersburg, West Virginia.
The station can also be seen on Comcast Xfinity channel 269 and AT&T U-verse channel 69.
The Shop at Home Network was a television network in the United States.
DoppioTV began airing on April 13, 2015, and it airs daily on the Swiss TV Channel TV24, Monday to Friday at 5:00 pm.
Suryoyo Sat is a Syriac language TV-Channel broadcasting from Södertälje, Sweden.
The channel is slated to be launched in Singapore by the first quarter of 2016.
The company also owns one other TV station, WJNI-LD.
Addounia TV is a sister channel of Sama TV.
W17AY was a low power television station in Seaman, Ohio, United States, owned and operated by Tranquility Community Church located outside the nearby village of Peebles.
From 2013–14 the coverage switched to sister service Fox Sports International for matches of non-Dutch clubs.
Ideal World is a shopping channel in the UK whose sister shopping channels include Ideal Extra, Create and Craft and Craft Extra.
WHME's studios are located on Ironwood Road in the southern side of South Bend, and its transmitter is located in Mishawaka.
Sport7 was a Bulgarian sports television channel, owned by TV7 Group along with its sister channels TV7, News7 and Super7.
Univision Deportes Network is a Spanish language American sports channel dedicated almost entirely to football events and football-related programming.
Formerly known as RFO Sat, the channel was originally broadcasting 9 hours per day only.
It is similar to other commercial stations, showing news, movies, drama series, variety shows, quiz shows, and former children's programs.
ITV Play also offered additional gambling services on their website.
On June 12, 2012 Comedy Central Poland, together with its sister channel Comedy Central Family Poland, started broadcasting in 16:9 picture format.
KABC maintains studios and offices on Circle Seven Drive in Glendale, and its transmitter is located on the summit of Mount Wilson.
Known locally as "K-GUN", the station operates one low-power translator station: K16EO-D in Oro Valley.
Previously, WJNI-LD was affiliated with the UATV network; however, UATV suspended operations indefinitely on May 1, 2006.
The rights for DreamWorks Animation's programming in the United States are handled by Netflix and other networks.
The SF brand had previously been used by a pay channel called SF Succé, which operated between 1989 and 1991.
This channel is only available in Johor region.
The station broadcasts a digital signal on UHF channel 20 from a transmitter near Robertsdale.
7 Región de Murcia is an autonomous television channel for the Region of Murcia, Spain.
Hayat Music TV is a music television channel from Hayat TV that broadcasting music videos available via cable systems in Bosnia and Herzegovina and former Yugoslavia.
The channel first launched in Australia in April 2007, and later launched in New Zealand on 1 December 2011.
Latvians and Livs are the indigenous people of Latvia.
On cable, the station is available on Cox Communications channels 23 and 1023.
It airs 9X Bajao as well in a smaller logo , so it can be considered a 9X branded movie channel.
The two stations are counted as a single unit for ratings purposes.
Owned by Three Notch Communications, who also operates country music-formatted radio station WAAO-FM, the TV station broadcasts a digital signal on UHF channel 40.
The station is a member of the Japanese Association of Independent Television Stations.
Although it is a generic channel and not a 24-hour news network, Abu Dhabi TV is famous for its footage of the 2003 Iraq War.
The foreign programming that airs on All TV comes from MBC & SBS.
Along with its French-language counterpart, Télémagino, it is available in over 4 million Canadian households as of 2013.
W51AG was a low-power television station licensed to Presque Isle, Maine.
It is owned and operated by DTV America Corporation, a broadcasting firm based in Sunrise, Florida, a suburb of Miami.
The channels' primetime news program, Jornal das Nove, airing from 9-10 p.m., is hosted by Mário Crespo.
It mostly airs American movies and films and some series and is a sister channel to Universal Channel in the region.
WDLI maintains offices and transmitter facilities located on the west side of Akron, just north of Rolling Acres Mall.
Roll Call is the first show to originate from the network's studio in the nation’s capital.
Channel 20 is an Israeli commercial television channel aimed at Jewish audience.
Launched in 2009, Sony AATH has become extremely popular amongst viewers of all age groups.
G-Mobile run businesses in the following businesses:
Broadcasting on Channel 32 exclusively on Charter Spectrum systems in the Milwaukee and Green Bay/Fox Cities areas, the channel launched in February 2007.
Its programs were in collaboration with the European news channel Euronews.
The station is broadcast daily on the Time Warner Cable system on channel 3.
BFM TV is a 24-hour rolling news and weather channel based in France and available globally via digital, cable and satellite television.
CN Too is the sister station of Cartoon Network, and it often aired programmes a while after they are shown on the main Cartoon Network.
With over 500,000 active subscribers and 400 employees of which 90% have a bachelor's degree or higher education.
Broadcast on many of the major digital television platforms in the UK, its target audience is children aged 7 and under .
The channel launched on 31 May 1986.
WUDT-LD, in Detroit, Michigan, is a low-power affiliate of Daystar.
Big CBS Spark was a youth entertainment channel which was a joint venture between Reliance Broadcast Network and CBS Studios International.
It is owned by Clearwater, Florida-based Christian Television Network.
ichannel was a Canadian English language Category A specialty channel owned by Stornoway Communications.
Its transmitter was located near Walker, Iowa.
It merged with The Entertainment Channel in 1984 to become the Arts and Entertainment Network.
The channel launched with the start of the first season of Big Brother in 2004, which was also the very first reality show in Bulgaria.
Broadcasting only at 38 watts, the broadcast station launched on October 20, 2005.
The channel is available through satellite, cable, IPTV and since 15 December 2008 in DVB-T multiplex 2.
From September 2012 the channel began broadcasting an HD version, and the old SD channel converted to 16:9 for most newer programs.
The station is one of only a few in the country to have been affiliated with all three of the original major American television networks.
Sky Cinema Cult HD is a high-definition satellite television channel on the Sky Italia platform in Italy.
Hero often referred by fans as Hero TV, is a Filipino pay TV channel based in Quezon City.
KTES-LD is the low-powered MeTV affiliate for the Abilene-Sweetwater television market.
KO-AM TV’s Chairperson, Jong-Jae Ko, graduated from Yonsei University in South Korea.
WHTN, virtual channel 39, is a religious television station serving Nashville, Tennessee, United States that is licensed to Murfreesboro.
The channel focuses on local production in Arabic while also airing imported programming.
On cable, the station is also available on Shaw Cable channel 6 and Bell TV channel 255.
WSEE-TV is the CBS-affiliated television station for Northwestern Pennsylvania that is licensed to Erie.
WIAV-CD, virtual channel 58, is a low-power, class A, religious independent television station licensed to the American capital city of Washington, District of Columbia.
It covers major national and international events as well as focuses on domestic issues.
It has studios on East Main Street in downtown Johnson City, and its transmitter is located on Holston Mountain.
The station broadcast in stereo, and it was often possible to watch programmes in dual language dub).
History Italy, which used to be a joint venture between A+E Networks and Fox International Channels Italy; A+E gained full control of the channel in 2012
The stations were branded as GET, for example, DDQ/SDQ was known as GET 10-4-5a.
Fly Music was a television channel broadcast in Spain, as a Spanish version of MTV.
It airs on channel 2 on cable systems in the immediate portion of the market.
WTEN is owned by Irving, Texas-based Nexstar Media Group, and operates Fox affiliate WXXA-TV through joint sales and shared services agreements.
This is second satellite TV news channel of North-East India, which is owned by Pride East Entertainments Pvt.
Owned by Tegna, WCSH has studios at Congress Square in Downtown Portland.
National Broadcast Television was the Greek state broadcaster founded in 1970 during the junta.
S4C is a Welsh-language public-service television channel based in Cardiff and broadcast throughout The UK.
This version is available in the Dutch and English languages.
The head office is located in Rome.
The task is also promoting the image of Turkish people in a multi-dimensional way.
Both stations share studios on Highland Avenue in the Mount Auburn section of Cincinnati.
Starting in March 2015, WTCV will begin its Local programming, produced by SBS Puerto Rico, which owns Z-93, La Nueva 94, Estereotempo and La Mega.
The station is owned by the ABC Owned Television Stations subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company.
However, on April 20, WBMS' analog transmitter failed.
It is a subsidiary of Viacom Networks Japan K.K., and was launched on December 24, 1992.
This makes it sister to ABC affiliate WJET-TV and the two share studios.
From 1 July - 1 September 2016, Heart TV was rebranded as Heart Summer.
Although Panama City is in the Central Time Zone, all schedules are listed in Eastern Time.
Its sister channels are: TOLOnews and Lemar TV.
It airs and produces programs made by, for and about Indigenous peoples in Canada and the United States.
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 22 from a transmitter in off Cedron Rd near the Moniteau-Cooper County line.
The station's transmitter is located on Sweat Mountain in north-northwestern metro Atlanta, and its city of license is Atlanta.
This channel is available as a free trial in an subscription entertainment package on Fetch TV by some ISPs and was added 26 January 2017.
Shows broadcast on the Comcast Network) include:
LT 84 TV Canal 5 de Rosario is an Argentine television channel broadcasting on channel 5 for the city of Rosario, Province of Santa Fe.
It launched together with Nick Music on 2 August 2007.
Astro Awani started broadcasting on 6 September 2007 as part of the revamp of Astro's news division.
WBYD-CD is a digital Class A low-power television station in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania area, licensed to broadcast digitally on channel 39.
The channel mainly shows highlights of programming from the main channel, along with extended coverage of its reality programmes, such as I'm Famous and Frightened Extra!
Up TV is owned by InterMedia Partners.
The station operates as a semi-satellite of KMOT in Minot, North Dakota.
Disney Channel is a television channel that is broadcast in Australia and New Zealand.
On cable, the station is available on Cox Communications channel 2 in standard definition and digital channel 1002 in high definition.
In 2005, this was replaced by a bulletin of Wales Today, also shown on BBC One Wales.
In August 2014, VTV celebrated its 50th anniversary.
It was famous for airing such series as The Addams Family, Knight Rider, The A-Team, MacGyver, Kung Fu and The Incredible Hulk.
In June 2017, the Saudi government demanded the closure of the news station as one of 13 demands made of Qatar.
WVOZ-TV is also a full-service television station located in Ponce, Puerto Rico.
Owned by the Société Radio-Canada arm of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, its studios are located on Boulevard Saint-Jean in Trois-Rivières.
Disney Channel Russia is a television channel which began broadcasting in Russia and other CIS countries.
It is owned by brothers James and David Primm, doing business as Globe LPTV, LLC, based out of Seal Beach, California.
WTTE, channel 28, is a Fox-affiliated television station located in Columbus, Ohio, United States.
The channel is a free-to-air and launched on 14 January 2005.
The station was broadcast on UHF channel 44, with no digital signal currently on-the-air.
It was also available over a live stream.
Mini news studios are available in all the major cities of India.
Disney Channel is the French language edition of the Disney Channel, owned by the Walt Disney Company.
The owner of the channel is Said Iskandar, the younger brother of the former Prime Minister Khaleda Zia.
The channel's owner is the Agrupación de Audiovisualistas de Pichilemu, a non-profit organization.
MTV Indonesia was an Indonesian branch of the music television network MTV, part of MTV Asia.
WITI, virtual channel 6, is a Fox-affiliated television station located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States.
KGET-TV, virtual channel 17, is a NBC-affiliated television station located in Bakersfield, California, United States.
Channel 5's general manager following its parent company's sale to Belize Telemedia is Amalia Mai, a veteran journalist She succeeds Stewart Krohn, also a veteran journalist.
News 12 Brooklyn is an American cable news television channel that is owned by the Newsday Media Holdings subsidiary of Altice USA.
The station was on channel 60 as W60BR but moved to channel 25 as W25CS on January 28, 2003 and became a Class A licensed station.
It also features exclusive coverage of Portuguese Liga football matches every weekend.
During other hours, programming from The Florida Channel is seen here.
The channel is available free on digital terrestrial television and on major subscription platforms.
5Star is a British digital television channel owned by Viacom International Media Networks Europe.
KXTV, virtual channel and VHF digital channel 10, is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Sacramento, California, United States.
Owned by Gray Television, the station is sister to low-powered CBS affiliate KXJB-LD and the two outlets share studios on 21st Avenue South in Fargo.
As of 2008, the Asian version of National Geographic Channel is available in over 56 million homes.
On 16 December 2013 Setanta Sports launched a high-definition of Setanta Sports 1.
In the northern part of New Mexico, KKTV's broadcast area overlaps with that of KRQE's, especially in the state capital, Santa Fe.
Afghan TV is a commercial television station, based in Kabul, Afghanistan since 21 May 2004.
Both services are sometimes collectively referred to as "Nickelodeon/Nick at Nite," due to their common association as two individual channels sharing the same channel space.
Two time-shifted versions of the channel, called Fox Life +1 and Fox Life +2, broadcast the same programming an hour later or two hours later.
W29CB broadcasts on Channel 29, while W36DX-D Broadcasts its Digital Signal on Channel 36.1.
KBCW, channel 44, is a CW owned-and-operated television station located in San Francisco, California, United States which serves as the West Coast flagship of the network.
Other languages such as Persian and Arabic are also used in some programmes.
RTM CY was originally set to launch in 2010 with other RTM digital television channels.
The channel provides 24-hour rolling news coverage focused primarily on the state of North Carolina.
The channel is devoted primarily to drama programming focusing on mystery, suspense, and thriller TV series and films.
It provided analog over-the-air service on UHF channel 28 from its transmitter in downtown Casa Grande, Arizona, and was available on various area cable providers.
Unlike sister station WPXM-TV in nearby Miami, WPXP signed off its analog signal on June 12, 2009.
KASN, virtual channel 38, is a CW-affiliated television station serving Little Rock, Arkansas, United States that is licensed to Pine Bluff.
The station is owned by Tegna, Inc. KARE's studios are located on Olson Memorial Highway in Golden Valley and its transmitter is located in Shoreview, Minnesota.
AXN Portugal is a Portuguese basic cable and satellite television channel.
It was previously owned by Bruno-Goodworth Network, Inc., who owned the stations since their inception.
Airs in High Definition simulcast as yes Comedy HD.
The station is available on RCN channel 35, AT&T U-verse channel 24, WOW!
The programming that religious networks produced included family-oriented entertainment programs and occasionally cartoons, such as JOT.
The two stations share studio facilities located on East McKinley Avenue in East Fresno; KSEE maintains transmitter facilities located on Bear Mountain.
WBGH-CD is the Class A, NBC-affiliated television station for the Eastern Twin Tiers of Southern Upstate New York and Northern Pennsylvania.
KSCW also operates a low-power digital fill-in translator on UHF channel 33 from a transmitter in Bel Aire, Kansas, just north of the station's studio facility.
WNEO, virtual channel and UHF digital channel 45, is a PBS member television station licensed to Alliance, Ohio.
Ciné+ Premier is a French television channel published by MultiThématiques, a subsidiary of Canal+ Group.
WPLG's studios are located on West Hallandale Beach Boulevard in Pembroke Park, and its transmitter is located in Miami Gardens.
Although KGWN-DT2 maintained its own studios, master control and some internal operations were based out of KGWN's facility on East Lincolnway/East 14th Street/I-80 Business/U.S.
WNAC-DT2 is the MyNetworkTV-affiliated second digital subchannel of Fox affiliate WNAC-TV for the state of Rhode Island and Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States.
In 1966, WCET took back the cameras, when WGSF was unable to buy them; soon after this, Cleveland CBS affiliate WJW-TV donated two cameras to WGSF.
Rock On TV closed on 16 February 2009.
In 1991, HBO agreed to merge the channel with Viacom's competing channel, Ha!.
The station is owned by PMCM TV, LLC.
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 16 from a transmitter in Alleman.
The Channel also airs programming from the worldwide Jewish community.
Talentvision TV is the first Mandarin channel in Canada and it first went on the air in 1993.
It is part of Radio y Televisión de Nuevo León and broadcasts on 24 transmitters serving the entire state.
It is now viewed in 25 territories across Asia with its satellite footprint stretching across the Middle East, South Asia, Southeast Asia, Northeast Asia and Australia.
WRMY was sold to Paxson Communications in 1998 and became WRPX, the area's Pax affiliate.
KEPR-TV, virtual channel 19, is the CBS affiliated television station for the Tri-Cities area of Richland, Pasco, and Kennewick, Washington.
The channel broadcast via transponder 5 on the Astra 1A satellite after the Lifestyle had closed down for the day.
The tower was built from 1965-1967 and is 609.9 meters high.
For a while, it was a translator for WLIG.
It studios are co-located with KSMS in Monterey and the transmitter is atop Fremont Peak.
TV 2 Sportskanalen, formerely TV 2 Sport, stylized as TV 2 SPORT 1 to 5, is a Norwegian pay-TV channel that shows sports.
The station is owned by Radio One.
WYBE maintains offices on the southwest edge of the Northern Liberties neighborhood with transmitter facilities in the Roxborough section of Philadelphia.
CTi International is a satellite cable channel operated by Chung T'ien Television in Taiwan, but only broadcasts abroad.
Latest opinion polls, have listed it as one of the favorite television channels of Albanians, on main top 3 TV channels in the Albanian Market.
The channel is owned by the Azerbaijan Television and Radio Broadcasting Closed Joint-stock Company, of which the Government of Azerbaijan is the only shareholder.
The channel airs a variety of comedy styles, including sitcoms, reality, classics and candid-camera.
NPG will also take over some of the operations of sister station KCOY, which Cowles will retain, under a shared services agreement.
It also aired old MTV shows such as Beavis and Butt-head.
In June 2013, W43CE-D was sold to Landover 5 LLC as part of a larger deal involving 51 other low-power television stations.
Hungary was the last country to get Cartoon Network timeshared with TCM.
Licensed to Augusta, Georgia, it broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 31 from a transmitter in Beech Island, South Carolina's Spiderweb section.
WESV-LD is a estrellaTV-owned and operated low-power television station that is licensed in Chicago and is owned by Liberman Broadcasting.
It broadcasts in over 400 cities in Russia.
The name TDT predates the conversion of the network to digital television, or televisión digital terrestre.
Its target will be viewers in the 15–34 age group.
Operations for the three stations are based in Casper, in the same studios as ABC affiliate KTWO-TV, Fox affiliate KFNB and MeTV affiliate KWYF-LD.
The station's signal is relayed on low-power translator station, WSBS-CD, UHF channel 50, in Miami.
The station's studios and offices are located on North Grand Avenue in Santa Ana, and its transmitter is located atop Mount Wilson.
Phoenix Movies Channel showcases Hollywood blockbusters, Chinese top hits as well as international award-winning titles.
This Warner pay channel is targeted at the Indian upward mobile class between the age group of 15-44.
The channel operations are based at Eagle Road Studios in Redditch, near Birmingham.
KCKS-LD is a television station located in Kansas City, Kansas, United States.
KEYC-TV is the CBS-affiliated television station for Mankato, Minnesota & southwestern Minnesota.
BBC programming aimed at under six year old children is broadcast on the CBeebies channel.
Launched in 1994 as ETV, it was one of Sri Lanka's first privately owned television channels.
The Fox-affiliated subchannels can also be seen on Midcontinent cable channel 4 in most areas.
KDRV operates as a satellite station KDKF in Klamath Falls, which serves portions of south-central Oregon.
As of January 17, 2014, the German Disney Channel has become a basic cable and satellite television channel.
The station's signal is very strong; it is easily viewable over-the-air as far away as Warren, Williamsport and Bradford.
KTVO is the ABC-affiliated television station for the Heartland area of Northeastern Missouri and Southeastern Iowa.
Setanta Sports Asia’s coverage also includes GAA Football and Hurling.
It is the largest TVA station that is not owned-and-operated by the network.
The station is owned by Alabama Heritage Communications, LLC.
The station is owned by Crossroads Christian Communications.
For its first three years, 1970 to 1973, CBXFT also aired weekday English-language educational programming from the Metropolitan Edmonton Educational Television Association.
There was a smaller 2nd camera available which was rarely used.
WGBS-LD is a low-power television station in Hampton, Virginia, broadcasting locally on channel 11 and serving the Greater Hampton Roads area.
Viewers may view SinoVision's programs through live streaming and posted videos of the evening news on Sinovision.net and SinoVision's tablet/smartphone apps.
The channel launched by the tabloid newspaper Aftonbladet as Aftonbladet TV7 on 9 October 2006.
Viasat Film HD is a pay-television channel which is owned by Viasat.
CHCO-TV is a Canadian television station, broadcasting in St. Andrews, New Brunswick and serving the Charlotte County area.
WBTL-LP had an application to increase power to 150 kW to better serve Toledo's suburbs as well as Bedford Township, Michigan.
FETV is a television network that broadcasts on channel 5 in Panama City, and is headquartered in Panama City, Panama, with repeaters throughout the country.
Canal 9 Known commercially as El Nueve, is an Argentine television network based in Buenos Aires.
Both stations share studios on Bandel Road Northwest in Rochester.
It broadcasts as an affiliate of 3ABN channel 45.
It aired religious programming as well as movies, telenovela, cooking shows, talk shows and newscasts.
They also own channel 22, which they have titled KMDF, though they currently air no programs on the 22 stations.
The channel launched as a 24-hours channel on 7 September 2015.
It also shows new episodes of other shows like 24 and Pimp My Ride.
KUSM and KUHM are licensed to MSU, KUFM to UM, and KBGS, KUGF and KUKL to The Board of Regents of the Montana University System.
The station also serves as the de facto Telemundo affiliate for the West Palm Beach market.
Longtime owner Randolph Weigner sold WPHA, along with sister station WARP-CD in Tampa Bay, Florida, to LocusPoint Networks in November 2012.
Although WLBZ and WCSH are based in different locations and technically serve separate markets, the two essentially operate as one station.
The brand is aimed at young children under the age of 6 years.
WAXO radio and television carried a wide selection of local sports including Marshall County sports, Forrest High School sports, and Cornersville High School sports.
Sony TEN is a cluster of sports television channels based in India.
KDKW-LD is a low-powered television station that is licensed to and serving Lubbock, Texas.
It targets a younger audience than its sister network, TVNZ 1.
TW1) was an Austrian digital television channel, broadcasting programmes about news, culture, leisure, travel and weather.
However, after more than a year, Time Warner Cable replaced KMHB with a new terrestrial CW affiliate, KSFE-LP, on November 7, 2007.
It was also the first over-the-top delivered channel on the Freeview platform.
TVC Deportes is a Mexican sports channel, founded August 11, 2007.
MVM is channel largely devoted to live stand-up comedy shows across cities, music videos, fashion, nightlife, as well as extreme sports.
WHCT-LD is an Azteca América affiliate station in Hartford, Connecticut, USA.
The station currently has an application and a construction permit with the FCC to flash cut its channel 42 signal to digital.
It was launched in 2005, and broadcasts exclusively old and contemporary films in Arabic.
The two stations utilize the unified brand "HTV 10".
Its studios are located on Terrace Heights Boulevard in Yakima.
SportsTime Ohio is available from most cable providers in Northeast Ohio and select providers in other portions of Ohio, Northwest Pennsylvania, and extreme Western New York.
Arabic, Kurdish and Turkish hit songs are also shown on the network.
The channel broadcasts a range of original content supplemented with repeats of popular ABC TV programmes, magazine shows, and sport.
On cable, the station is available on Comcast Xfinity in standard definition on channel 17, and in high definition on digital channel 659.
It is owned by the Star News Corporation, the owners of WGSR-LD.
The station's transmitter is located in Auburn, North Carolina.
The station's license would later be cancelled in 2011, due to inactivity.
It also has periodic music programs on famous classical or popular composers as well as music in movies.
The channel delivers Same Day or Express from the U. S. telecast with selected programs.
The station is owned by the NBCUniversal Owned Television Stations subsidiary of NBCUniversal, and is part of a duopoly with Telemundo owned-and-operated station KXTX-TV.
Tokyo Broadcasting System Holdings, Inc., TBS Holdings, Inc. or TBSHD, is a stockholding company in Tokyo, Japan.
Render complex services of cell phone to citizens of Mongolia as well as organizations.
CKY was also the call sign of two Winnipeg radio stations.
The channel was aimed at playing music in the morning and afternoon, while broadcasting comedy in the evening.
Italia became first Home Shopping Europe in 2001 and then Canale D in 2003.
WWTI-DT2 is the CW-affiliated television station for Upstate New York's North Country.
On February 18, 2010, News Corp announced that it had agreed to sell 100% of bTV to Central European Media Enterprises, after many months of negotiations.
The British news website The Guardian hosted Tehran Bureau for a while.
The channel became a 24-hour service in 2002, although it now leases its graveyard slot to the infomercial producer and direct-response marketer, A Loja Em Casa.
Unlike all other RAI channels, Rai Südtirol carries no commercials.
POP TV has the highest ratings in Slovenia as measured by the AGB Nielsen Media Research in 2013.
The channel is available across all major cable and DTH platforms as well as online.
The station's tower was hit by lightning around Memorial Day 2010, forcing both stations KHVM-LD and KTCJ-LD to go silent.
The station broadcasts from the Willard Carpenter House in downtown Evansville, which is on the United States National Register of Historic Places.
On August 1, 2012, it became the only terrestrial broadcaster in the market, as the CBC-TV repeater station, CBIT-TV, was closed the previous evening.
Nova Action showcases top foreign series, shows, documents, sport events and movies targeted at young male viewers.
WBTW is owned by Nexstar Media Group and has studios located in the Socastee section of Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.
Breen himself appeared on-air, with a couple of news/public affairs programs, Conference Table and Calling Ed Breen.
Over-the-air, WVIR-DT3 broadcasts a standard definition digital signal on UHF channel 32.3 from a transmitter on Carters Mountain south of the city.
Much of its programming is oriented towards the African-American community, which include gospel music, religious programming, and community affairs.
The station broadcast on UHF channel 17, with no digital signal on the air.
WSTR's transmitter, Star Tower, is located in the city's College Hill neighborhood.
For the US channel with a similar name, see Retro Television Network.
Both carriers do not carry either stations' MeTV subchannel.
The station is owned by Cable Ad Net New York, Inc., and is currently serving as an affiliate of Buzzr.
KFON-TV is a Government-access television cable tv station based in Fontana, California.
The station began broadcasting a digital signal in late August and early September 2009.
Adding iPhone, Android, Internet, Games and many more digital platforms that now receive WSJU's host of stations regardless of the viewers locations.
Originally TVNorge broadcast via satellite and cable, later they have affiliated several local television broadcasters.
WVUP-CD offers 24-hour religious programming, much of which is produced either locally or at the CTN home base in Clearwater.
Formerly known as Chase, it serves as the spin-off channel to Jack TV.
It broadcast headlines after every fifteen minutes with a mix of entertainment programs.
ABQ is the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's television station in Brisbane, Queensland.
WBXJ-CD is a low-power television station in Jacksonville, Florida, United States, broadcasting locally on channel 43 as an affiliate of Biz TV.
Company representatives reported that TVPlayer had received 250,000 app downloads within 28 days of launching.
Évasion is a Canadian French language Category A specialty channel owned by Groupe Serdy and Groupe TVA.
The two stations maintain studio facilities located on Woodway Drive in Woodway, Texas, and its transmitter is located near Moody, Texas.
Movistar eliminated the Canal+ brandname earlier that month.
KRVU broadcasts on cable channel 13 on Comcast in Chico and Charter in Redding and on Suddenlink cable channel 5 in Eureka.
Belsat is run under the aegis of Polish state-run television company Telewizja Polska, and is based primarily in Poland, where there is a significant Belarusian minority.
The station is currently in the process of digitizing its broadcast equipment, and plans to adopt nonlinear editing and digital compression technology for program transmission.
Channel NSW was a community information digital television channel that ran under trial in the Sydney area.
Rural TV was the international sister channel of RFD-TV.
On cable, the station is available on RCN channel 14, Mediacom channel 110, WOW!
It is a cartoon based sister channel to Nickelodeon.
It is broadcast from Level 7 in Singapore Press Holdings at 82 Genting Lane in Tanjong Pagar, in the Central Region.
Apart from its satellite channels, SuperSport also feeds content to M-Net, CSN and occasionally to M-Net HD.
NRK3 shares its frequency with NRK Super, a children's TV channel that was launched on 1 December 2007.
DYCC-TV 47 is a Philippine television station of Cebu Catholic Television Network owned by the Archdiocese of Cebu in Cebu City, Philippines.
Disney Channel is a Bulgarian language children's television channel that began broadcasting on September 19, 2009, after replacing Jetix CEE.
SAS is a television station in Adelaide, South Australia.
It is also available on cable in Monaco.
With that, they mainly focus on the area around Athens, which is mostly ignored by the Columbus, Zanesville and Huntington-Charleston stations that serve the Athens area.
On cable, the station is available on Cox Communications channel 6 in standard definition and digital channel 1006 in high definition.
The channel ceased broadcasting on 25 March 2009, and the following day was replaced by One.
MTA1 is run and voluntarily funded by Ahmadis.
CTi Variety is a satellite cable channel operated by Chung T'ien Television in Taiwan.
WWBK-LP is a TBN-affiliated television station located in the Richmond, Virginia television market, broadcasting on channel 39.
Its signal can also be seen on repeater K44DN licensed to Paso Robles and on KSBB-CD in Santa Barbara.
Somos Show, LLC, is a public entertainment company based in Miami, Florida, United States.
Star Sports China is a sports channel owned by the Star China Media network in Mainland China.
WTXX-LD is a low-powered television station for the Pioneer Valley area of Massachusetts that was licensed to Springfield but subsequently moved to New Haven.
It launched on April 1, 2014, in standard definition and high definition.
SWRV was an American music video television channel from Music Choice that launched on February 10, 2010.
WCWF, virtual channel 14, is a CW-affiliated television station serving Green Bay, Wisconsin, United States that is licensed to Suring.
Arena Sport is a group of sports television channels was created 2010 in Serbia, owned by Telekom Srbija.
The station is owned by Heartland Media.
KUVS-DT, virtual channel 19, is a Univision owned-and-operated television station serving Sacramento, California, United States that is licensed to Modesto.
UTV is a commercial television broadcaster in Northern Ireland owned and operated by ITV plc as part of the ITV Network.
The channel is available across all major cable and DTH platforms as well as online.
Film1 Family is a Dutch premium television channel owned by Sony Pictures Television.
After the closure decision was abandoned, Zarok TV was re-launched and has been back on air on the same satellite details/frequency since 8 December 2016.
WBOC-TV, channel 16, is a CBS affiliate based in Salisbury, Maryland, United States.
Since July 2005, the cable operator Integan has broadcast HDTV in the outskirts of the city of Antwerp, in partnership with Euro1080.
The product has a growing roster of original programming and local productions.
It is headquartered at TVB City at the Tseung Kwan O Industrial Estate in Tseung Kwan O, in the Sai Kung District.
The network was available in 35 countries in Europe and Asia.
Its hours were extended in January 2002 to be broadcast from 6am-6pm daily.
The station, founded on February 27, 1998, bills itself as the television station most watched by the Hispanic community on the Central Coast of California.
yes Comedy - Airs sitcoms, comedy shows and dramedies.
WLFT-CD is a low-power UHF television outlet, located on channel 30.
RTL Z is a Dutch business and financial news television channel.
Fakt Marathi is a 24/7 Marathi-Movie channel launched on 2016.
City 42 is a Lahore-based news channel which broadcasts news and information about latest happenings and events in the city of Lahore in Punjab, Pakistan.
The station is currently owned by southern Florida-based DTV America Corporation.
The company retains ownership of the station's low-power transmitter, WMGM-LP.
After the final episode of the first season of The Walking Dead aired, Fox released the uncensored version of the first episode.
The channel caters for children between the ages of 3 and 6 years old, presenting programs specifically tailored for this age-group.
The program is mainly produced in Bosnian language and it is available via cable systems throughout the Bosnia and Herzegovina and worldwide.
Following the cancelation of The Daily Buzz in April 2015, KWBQ began to air local news from KRQE from 7-9 a.m.
Before establishing the new channel, Channel One was called TV One and before that Junior TV, a 24-hour news television.
The channel broadcast a mixture of telenovelas, music and entertainment from all over the world, but mainly from Latin America.
It was launched on 7 June 2004.
My Music is an Albanian music television channel, part of DigitAlb .
Its program hosts include Jean Chatzky, Dr. Ruth Westheimer, Lea Thompson and Dr. Kevin Soden.
TV Africa is a privately owned free to air television station in Ghana.
As of 3-26-16, the station is still silent.
West Virginia Public Broadcasting is the public television and radio state network serving the state of West Virginia.
It broadcasts exclusively for Turkey and it is owned by the Turner Broadcasting System Europe and Doğan Medya Grubu.
This is a format similar to that of EPB6, the public access channel on SCRTC's Glasgow-area cable service rival, the Glasgow Electric Plant Board.
Most of the movies are available in English subtitles.
B1 TV is a Romanian TV network which began its broadcast in 2001 as a general-profile channel and became a news television in 2011.
Zee 24 Gantalu or ఙీ 24 గంటలు was a popular 24-hour Telugu news channel, owned by Zee News.
It is owned by Jang Sung Lee and was launched in September 2001.
CCCTV is a general entertainment service and features a wide array of programming including news, sports, dramas, traditional operas, cultural programmes and much more.
It serves the First Coast region, and provides national and local programming through PBS-affiliated television station WJCT-TV, NPR member radio station WJCT-FM, and WJCT Online.
Licensed to La Crosse, it broadcasts a high definition digital signal on VHF channel 8 from a transmitter on Silver Creek Road in Galesville.
It resumed national operations in March 2016, when it replaced the similar Movie Central service in Western and Northern Canada.
In 2013, Here TV programming became available on the YouTube paid channels.
The channel is based in Santiago, Chile.
Owned by Gray Television, the station is sister to CBS affiliate WTVY.
CHNE-TV is a community channel in the community of Chéticamp, Nova Scotia.
KALB-DT2 can also be seen on Suddenlink channel 2 and in high definition on digital channel 715.
The station had to stop broadcasting on 28 February 1987 after the French government headed by Jacques Chirac gave the licence to another station called M6.
The channel also switched to the 16:9 widescreen format.
TRT 1 is the first Turkish national television station.
The channel is India's first celebrity-driven TV Commerce channel.
Sky News Australia is an Australian 24-hour cable and satellite news channel available in 2.5 million homes on the Foxtel and Optus Television subscription platforms.
The CRTC licensed AMI-audio as a "must-carry" service in 2001, meaning all digital cable and satellite providers must carry the service.
KCVH-LD is a low-power television station broadcasting on channel 30 in Houston, Texas.
Univision Southwest Florida airs D'Latinos Monday-Friday 6-6:30P and 11-11:30P, the first local Spanish Television program to air regularly in Ft. Myers-Naples, which debuted in August 2002.
ETV News Kannada is a Kannada news channel from ETV Network and owned by Reliance Network 18, which went live on 19 March 2014.
Zee Magic is a French-language TV channel owned and broadcast by Zee Entertainment Enterprises, a media and entertainment company based in Mumbai, India.
Hyper+ was a Polish television channel own and operated by Canal+.
KINT-TV, virtual channel 26, is a Univision-affiliated television station located in El Paso, Texas, United States.
As of February 2015, ESPNews is available to approximately 71,989,000 pay television households in the United States.
It launched on December 6, 2005 from MTV's studios in New York City.
Latvia has 1,957,200 inhabitants and a territory of 64,589 km2.
Four was the second New Zealand television channel owned and operated by MediaWorks New Zealand, broadcast via the state-owned Kordia transmission network.
SAS-7 was originally known as SAS-10, an affiliate of what became Network Ten.
WYIN is one of three PBS member stations serving the Chicago television market, alongside Chicago-licensed WTTW and WYCC.
The channel is based in Luxembourg but broadcasts across the world.
DWNC-13 is a VHF TV station owned by the Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation.
In 2007 it added LATV as a digital subchannel on 41.2.
The BBC Food website was also closed.
WNGN is licensed to Troy, while WNGX is licensed to Schenectady and is officially considered to be a WNGN translator.
On January 1, 2017, Cartoon Network Latin America and Cartoon Network Brazil started using graphics from Cartoon Network USA's Dimensional rebrand package.
In 2009, it hosted a weekly hour-long program by Alabama State Senator Hank Erwin.
ECTV is a local Public-access television cable TV channel for the community of Edwardsville and Glen Carbon, Illinois.
Its programme content includes: Teledramas, International TV Series, Music, Movies, Documentaries, Entertainment, Political, Children's Programmes and News.
SUSUtv, a contraction of Southampton University Students' Union Television, is a student television station that serves the student population of the University of Southampton.
However, its transmitter and coverage area is located in Citrus County -- part of the Tampa Bay market.
WPGA-TV, virtual channel 58, is an Independent television station serving Macon, Georgia that is licensed to Perry.
OSN Sports is a Pan Arab satellite sports television network owned by Orbit Showtime Network.
KGBT's own local 24-hour weather channel is also available on Time Warner Cable digital channel 366.
Almost 20% comes from voluntary contributions from individual viewers and businesses.
WKRN's studios and offices are located on Murfreesboro Road on Nashville's southeast side and its transmitter is located in Forest Hills, Tennessee.
Its free-to-air broadcast is carried by SBN's flagship station DWCP-TV Channel 21 Metro Manila.
Founded April 24, 2002, the station was owned by Jerald Nay.
Nickelodeon HD started officially broadcasting on October 17, 2011 via OTE TV.
KTVG-TV was the Fox affiliate for most of south-central Nebraska, licensed to serve Grand Island.
Viewers can also see samples of European cinema.It also shows already aired Bulgarian serials such as Glass Home, Seven Hours Difference and Revolution Z.
It is state media, owned by Televisión Autonómica de Aragón S.A.
STS is a commercial television station based in Moscow, Russia.
September 1, 2010 in Romania on UPC Romania DVB-C as Discovery HD Showcase
DYTE-TV, channel 32, is a station of Philippine television network TV5 Network, Inc.. Its transmitter is located at PLDT Compound, Galo St., Bacolod City.
The channel was replaced by a HD simulcast of BBC Two, partly as a result of budget cuts affecting the entire corporation.
The two channels broadcast a certain amount of each other's programmes.
Additionally, BYUtv Sports is the primary broadcaster of BYU Cougars athletics, producing more than 125 live sporting events in 2012 alone.
Citizen TV is a national station in Kenya owned by Royal Media Services Ltd and broadcasting mostly in English and Swahili.
It is a part of the wider Gujarati, a subsidiary of the NIRMANA NEWS.
It features a wide variety of programming including news, current affairs, sports, movies and popular series including comedies & dramas.
It features programming from ANT1 Satellite, a private network from Greece as well as local Canadian content produced by Odyssey and other independent companies.
KBTZ simulcast on translator station KBTZ-LP UHF channel 32 in Bozeman, Montana.
Approximately 70 to 80 percent of the station's content is produced in Canada.
The station, which is part of the Hampton Roads market, broadcasts on digital channel 9 and is licensed to Manteo, North Carolina.
The two stations share studios located on Ivory Avenue in the city's Summer Hill section, where WPGH-TV's transmitter is also located.
In 1988, its owners bought 90% of pan-European TV channel Super Channel, while the remaining 10% was taken over by Virgin.
NPO Zapp Xtra is a digital theme channel of the KRO.
TNT is a television station based in Launceston, Tasmania, Australia.
WQLN is the Public Broadcasting Service member Public television station in Erie, Pennsylvania.
It was subsequently included on the home satellite television service, Dialog TV.
Its target audience is 7 to 17-year-old boys.
At launch, Skai TV opted for dubbing all foreign language content into Greek, instead of using subtitles.
The station's studios located at the CCTN Broadcast Center, Cardinal Rosales Avenue, Cebu Business Park, Cebu City.
The goal of these programs is to present a balanced and impartial picture of what happens in Israel in particular and in the region in general.
The Vacation Channel's coverage area includes all the cable systems and is broadcast over the air within an approximate 20-30 mile circle of Branson.
The channel is the home of foreign shows like Once Upon a Time and Secret Diary of a Call Girl.
MTV has spawned numerous sister channels in the US and affiliated channels internationally, some of which have gone independent.
WCBD-DT2 is a CW-affiliated television station, part of The CW Plus, serving the Charleston, South Carolina market.
KXOF is also an Azteca America affiliate and transmits its programming on digital subchannel 39.2.
KXGN-TV was founded by Lewis Moore, who sold it and KXGN radio to Stephan Marks in 1990.
Launched on November 30, 2007, the service broadcasts programming aimed at preschool-aged children.
TRT Çocuk is a Turkish television station, part of the Turkish Radio and Television Corporation.
From its launch until 2008, the network primarily focused upon home improvement, cooking, and leisure-themed programs.
Televenezia is an Italian regional television channel of Veneto owned by TeleVenezia SRL group.
The clip became an instant viral video during the early 2000s.
Airwaves Media has 3 regional offices with production facilities in Lahore, Islamabad & Multan; and a coordinating office in New York, USA.
However, in 2010, the Australian Government commissioned a wide-ranging review of its investment in the Indigenous broadcasting and media sector.
Unlike its companion radio station, WBGU, WBGU-TV is not primarily operated by students at the university.
Its programming consists solely of theatrically released feature films released from the 1970s to the present day, interspersed with some films from the 1950s and 1960s.
Previously, they produced SuperFuckers, created by James Kochalka.
The channel was shut down on 15 April 2013.
STW is an Australian television station owned by the Nine Network that is based in Perth, Australia.
On 28th March 2005 the channel was renamed from Alpha Marathi to Zee Marathi.
The channel also airs a new on-air identity.
A fourth spin-off channel, Sky News Election Channel, was launched on 1 May 2016.
MM was a Bulgarian cable and satellite music television channel which operated between 1997 and 2010.
digital channel 808 and Spectrum channel 910.
Its headquarters is located at #6 Tirad Pass Street, Sta.
It broadcasts a standard definition digital signal on VHF channel 5 from a transmitter on Tolonen Hill near unincorporated Painesdale of Adams Township.
The station is owned by the Rogers Media unit of Rogers Communications, as part of a twinstick with Omni Television owned-and-operated station CHNM-DT.
The network was discontinued on October 1, 2012 when Root Sports Southwest was launched.
K20JT-D is a low-powered television station affiliated with the Mexico-based Multimedios Television, owned and operated by Mintz Broadcasting.
Chilika TV is a Regional Odia Channel of satellite television channels in India, news and entertainment channels.
The Shenzhen office is said to be responsible for one half of the TV programs' production.
eeZee tv was a live British shopping channel broadcasting on Sky Digital.
WOSU-TV is an American public television station located in Columbus, Ohio, affiliated with the Public Broadcasting Service and is a service of WOSU Public Media.
Vodafone also carries the channel for their cable subscribers in Wellington and Christchurch.
Terai Television was a privately owned Nepali television channel.
It is available on a limited number of providers' systems.
KJUN maintains transmitter facilities located on Highway 70 in rural southern St. Martin Parish.
73.653 Operation of TV aural and visual transmitters.
The station is owned by Gray Television.
ET on the afternoon of June 30, 1989.
It is free-to-air and available across all major cable and DTH platforms as well as online.
KTOO broadcasts a high definition digital signal on VHF channel 10 from a transmitter in downtown Juneau.
Owned by Cunningham Broadcasting, WGTU is operated through a local marketing agreement by Sinclair Broadcast Group, owner of NBC affiliate WPBN-TV and full-time satellite WTOM-TV.
It will cover all Six Nations matches from 2014 to 2017.
Samson Management Ltd is fully owned by the Samson Cree Nation.
The Nashville Network, usually referred to as TNN, was an American country music-oriented cable television network.
A winding up order was made against the company on 2 April 2007, after it had ceased broadcasting.
CITV is a British children's television channel from ITV Digital Channels Ltd, a division of ITV plc.
The two outlets share studios together on North University Street in Peoria.
In early autumn 2012 GHTV were relaunched in 16:9 widescreen with new onscreen graphics.
The channel launched on October 1, 2002.
Originally, Christian Communications of Chicagoland owned KTLN outright, but it filed to sell the station to OTA Broadcasting in June 2011.
Under Sinclair Broadcast Group ownership, the station previously served as the MyNetworkTV affiliate for Las Vegas.
The station is owned by Ion Media Networks.
The network's main studios and general offices are located in Montreal, at the corner of Saint Catherine and Fullum Streets in Downtown Montreal.
MCA originally was an Educational-access television channel founded in 1995, then in 1997 they also took on government broadcasting.
TBN took W18CF silent on March 8, 2010, citing declining support, which has been attributed to the digital transition.
On 15 August 2013, TEN Cricket launched in Canada on Rogers Cable via an agreement with Canadian broadcaster Ethnic Channels Group.
It is owned by Nexstar Media Group, and is sister station to the area's The CW affiliate, WBRL-CD.
Hartford Public Access Television is a set of 3 Public, educational, and government access cable television channels in Hartford, Connecticut.
Makkal TV is a Tamil language TV channel.
TV 2 News is a Danish language television news channel which started broadcasting on 1 December 2006.
TRT Diyanet is a Turkish television station owned and operated by Turkish Radio and Television Corporation and Presidency of Religious Affairs of Turkey.
On December 31, 2011, all TMF channels, including TMF Dance, were ceased because MTV wanted to strengthen its own brand.
Their parent stations have studios on Ajax Avenue in Rogers.
QTV is part of the ARY Digital Network.
Therefore, WQMY is offered on WOLF-TV's third digital subchannel.
KSXC-LP is a television station serving the Sioux City area.
The new website features include a dedicated page for each territory service provider, designed to help users find out more about the service.
WTOK-DT2 is the MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station for Meridian, Mississippi.
The station broadcasts on UHF channel 21.
WNYO-TV, UHF digital channel 49, is a MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station located in Buffalo, New York, United States.
TLC became a 24-hours channel on 8 January 2013.
The two stations share studio facilities located on North West Street in northwestern Wichita; KSAS maintains transmitter facilities located in rural northwestern Sedgwick County.
Now the programming content of Play Entertainment consists of local and foreign content consisting of Pakistani and Turkish productions.
The channel was available to high definition digital television viewers through Network Ten owned-and-operated stations.
KNWA-TV, virtual channel 51, is the NBC-affiliated television station for Northwest Arkansas that is licensed to Rogers.
This channel shows English dramas, animated programmes, documentaries, movies and various other programmes, both local and international.
RT America is the channel for RT content delivery to the United States cable and satellite providers.
The channel was founded in 2004 as The Pentagon Channel.
The station is owned by the Fox Television Stations subsidiary of 21st Century Fox, as part of a duopoly with Fox owned-and-operated station KTTV.
Weer en Verkeer has been a joint venture between Meteo Consult and Chello Benelux.
Its programming schedule was entirely devoted to airing infomercials.
The station was analog TV channel 55 with 11.6 kW ERP and used an omnidirectional antenna.
This station can also be seen on Eastlink TV channel 9 and Bell Aliant channel 6.
Cloo launched on January 1, 2006, as Sleuth, replacing Trio.
All three stations share studio facilities, with KSNT and KTKA also sharing transmitter facilities, located on Northwest 25th Street, near the unincorporated community of Kiro.
Sports are usually governed by a set of rules or customs, which serve to ensure fair competition, and allow consistent adjudication of the winner.
Its studios are located at 1772 Calle Joaquin in San Luis Obispo.
It was a digital wireless cable, internet service, and web hosting provider.
A-Plus began its transmission in the U.K. from 23 January 2017.
Since its inception it maintained a steady growth and currently has 14 repeaters.
There was a high definition feed provided on Midcontinent digital channel 604 and SRT digital channel 504.
It also became the 5th most watched program in Foxtel history.
The subchannels inherited KNDX/KXND's slots on area cable systems.
It is also available to area subscribers of Charter Cable on channel 6.
Zing was first launched in 1997 as Music Asia, relaunched as Zee Muzic in 2000, revamped in 2005 and finally repackaged as Zing in April 2009.
Selected programmes on Astro Mustika HD are no longer showing with SD version of Astro Warna, such as Maharaja Lawak Mega, Jihan Show, etc.
Fine Living is an Italian television channel, owned and operated by Scripps Networks Interactive, an American media company.
In the statement, the firm claimed that the situation was due to "unreasonable steps taken from Lloyds bank which ultimately brought the business to a standstill".
TV Total is a digital channel from Montevideo, Uruguay, which emits programming via the Internet.
‘Next Big Thing’ specifically focuses on global emerging property markets of interest and financial potential to the channel’s viewers.
On cable television, the station is available on Comcast Xfinity in standard definition on channel 3 and in high definition on digital channel 808.
Herceg TV is a Herzegovinan commercial television channel based in Trebinje, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The channel was available to viewers on channel 77 in Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth.
After that, the channel would only be available via Canal Digital, Boxer, Stofa and smaller IPTV and cable providers.
WRTV, virtual channel 6, is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Indianapolis, Indiana, United States, owned by the broadcasting division of the E. W. Scripps Company.
The two stations share studio facilities located on Kelley Avenue, and its transmitter facilities are located near the John Kilpatrick Turnpike on the city's northeast side.
K25NK-D is a low-power television station in Rochester, Minnesota, broadcasting locally in digital on UHF channel 25 as an affiliate of 3ABN.
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 30 from a transmitter in Town Creek Township.
It was removed from the Sky EPG on 9 October 2009, however, the channel returned to Sky on 6 November 2009.
In January 2007, SPT TV launched SIC Notícias in North America, in partnership with SIC.
Originally in English, on 15 May 2010, Dawn News converted into an Urdu news channel after successful test transmission of four hours a day.
Advertising is shown in Romanian, Bulgarian, Hungarian, Czech, and Russian.
In June 2013, K24GP was sold to Landover 5 LLC as part of a larger deal involving 51 other low-power television stations.
It features travel shows rather than the documentaries on Discovery Science.
has cleared its neighbouring region of planetesimals.
The sale closed on August 17, 2009.
It is licensed by Air Waves Media Ltd. and working under the Interflow Group.
TGBBQ ended due to Play To Win TV entering liquidation and, In 2016 its rights were owned by ZeptoLab.
The channel is a free-to-air and launched in May .
Topics such as the Dutch East Indies, Netherlands Waterland, railroads, mills, work, food and household are broadcast.
The station is sister to NBC affiliate KNOP-TV and Fox affiliate KIIT-CD, both of which were acquired by Gray from Hoak Media in 2014.
The channel broadcasts a range of classical music as well as dance and operas.
Today, The Filipino Channel has over 3 million subscribers worldwide most of which are in United States, Middle East, Europe, Australia, Canada, and Japan.
TVP3 Szczecin is one of the regional branches of the TVP, Poland's public television broadcaster.
It increased its power, changing its callsign to KCDN-LP in 2004.
HBO 3 HD is available in all fourteen countries.
He is also a chairman of Worldwide Korean Christian Broadcasters Association.
MTV Brand New is a 24-hour specialist music channel featuring new music videos, alternative and indie music available in the Netherlands.
The rest of the broadcasts are of shows previously broadcast only in standard definition, but now also in HD.
The station is owned by Bonten Media Group, also the owner of local ABC affiliate KRCR-TV.
Shraddha MH1 is an Hindi-language 24/7 Hindu television channel, owned by MH1 Limited.
The two stations share studio and transmitter facilities on U.S. 69 south of Pittsburg, with a secondary facility located on South Range Line Road in Joplin.
For the first time, a channel will operate not out of a studio but out on a bus - "The MetroNation Bus."
Programming consists of music videos, interviews, films, and more.
ABS-CBN Butuan is one of the major TV stations in Butuan City delivering local news and entertainment in television.
It launched on October 7, 1996, to 17 million cable subscribers.
Until late 2007, KJEO-LD was also seen on KBID-LP channel 31.
WCAY-CD is a low-powered television station in Key West, Florida on channel 36, owned by Beach TV Properties.
It transmits a light entertainment program: movies, news and weather bulletins, documentary film and sports on LCN 19.
The Internet test broadcasting of the channel started 7 April 2011, 7 May 2011 was the formal launch date.
Owned by the Trinity Broadcasting Network, WTJP maintains studio facilities and offices located on Rosedale Street in Gadsden, and its transmitter is located near Springville.
The channel is dedicated to culture, sciences and learning.
A&E is an Australian subscription television channel which launched on Thursday 16 February 2012.
It is Kenya's fastest growing television station with a strong focus on local programming.
As a shopping television service, Shopping TVA was exempted from Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission licensing.
Disney Channel is a cable television channel and an edition of The Walt Disney Company-owned Disney Channel, broadcasting throughout Latin America and the Caribbean.
The channel was launched along with the Romanian and Polish feed.
CJON's studios are located on Logy Bay Road in St. John's, and its transmitter is located atop the South Side Hills.
It is part of Corporació Catalana de Mitjans Audiovisuals.
WDMI-LD used this as an opportunity to convert from analog to digital, and returned to the air than significantly faster than either KHVM-LD or KTCJ-LD.
WVPX is the only full-power Ion station in the state of Ohio.
Coverage in Danville was limited due to the location of its tower.
On 18 November 2009, Rockworld TV was removed from Sky Digital channel 378.
Sun Channel Tourism Television is a cable channel based in Venezuela.
Comedy Central is a channel available in Spain through satellite platform Digital+, ADSL TV Movistar TV, Orange TV and cable services.
KDOV-LP channel 43 / PSIP 44.1 is a low-power Christian television station based in Medford, Oregon.
On cable, the station is available on Suddenlink Communications channel 2 and Longview Cable Television channel 10.
DXLA-TV, channel 9, is a television station of Philippine television network GMA Network.
TVPlayer Plus also allows users to catch up on programmes with their 7-day catch up service when using a "Plus" subscription.
It spends an hour each day proclaiming the message of Bahá'u'lláh, said to be the Messenger of God for this age.
KTUU is also available on DIRECTV and DISH Network for the Anchorage television market.
The network previously broadcast over-the-air in some communities in Eastern and Northern Ontario with significant Franco-Ontarian populations; these transmitters ceased operations in 2012.
With effect from 1 May 2013, Sensasi broadcasting hours has been introduced 24/7 broadcast.
Business News Network is a Canadian English language Category A cable and satellite specialty channel that is owned by Bell Media.
The station's studio is located in Zamaveco Bldg.Pilar St., Zamboanga City
CJCB-TV is the CTV owned-and-operated television station in Sydney, Nova Scotia, Canada.
Since 26 November 2010, the channel is replaced by Rai 5.
LocalVision was a group of community access channels that broadcast on the Optus Vision cable television service.
Toledo 5, The CW was a cable channel serving Northwest Ohio, primarily serving the city of Toledo and Northwest Ohio.
In 1991, TVB Pearl began to broadcast in NICAM, a digital audio modulation system that provides a facility for stereo or bilingual or trilingual audio transmission.
KBTC's programming became digital-only on June 12, 2009.
These refer to different uses of ashwood as horsewhips, wood used by carpenters, and for spears.
From 12pm till 1pm Nick ran live programming which was repeated at 4pm.
Together, these programmes make Canal Macau a 24-hour television service.
While currently not using a slogan, the tagline 'Dat moet je meemaken!'
TVE Internacional is an internationally broadcast Spanish-language channel run by Spain's national broadcaster, TVE.
Cuatro is a Spanish commercial television channel, on air since November 2005.
bTV Lady is a Bulgarian female-oriented television channel.
WJBF is owned and operated by Nexstar Media Group.
The station is owned by DTV America Corporation of Sunrise, Florida, making WKUT a sister station to Antenna TV and MyNetworkTV outlet WCZU-LD.
The tv shows were based on audience engagement and on Enterprise generated content.
All content is available on official website www.golica.si.
This channel, however, has stopped its transmission on HyppTV on 1 August 2014 due to the low popularity of this channel.
WFYI, virtual channel 20, is a PBS member television station located in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.
The station is a primary affiliate of classic TV oriented Antenna TV, and also holds a secondary affiliation with the MyNetworkTV programming service.
On August 31, 2011, the Federal Communications Commission cancelled the station's license due it being silent for greater than twelve months.
Primarily serving the Mid-Atlantic United States, its programming focuses on events featuring and other programs about New York City sports teams.
It was founded by Marialina Marcucci and Pier Luigi Stefani in early 1984.
Sport is also a major source of entertainment for non-participants, with spectator sport drawing large crowds to sport venues, and reaching wider audiences through broadcasting.
The network broadcasts a variety of local college and minor league sports broadcasts and is the de facto successor to the Buffalo-based Empire Sports Network.
It was a Cabovisão exclusive in its beginnings, but now it is available in all operators and platforms.
Smash is privately owned and maintains a neutral editorial position in which different opinions on Maltese politics are expressed.
WTTG, virtual channel 5, is a Fox owned-and-operated television station licensed to the American capital city of Washington, District of Columbia.
The station produces two newscasts: one with local news and other with news from Catamarca.
It airs a wide variety of programming includes comedies, serials, news, talk shows and more.
Its transmitter is located near Robertsdale, Alabama.
TVBS-NEWS or is a satellite and cable news television channel in Taiwan, launched on October 2, 1995.
WIRE-CD is a low-power digital television station in metro Atlanta.
Despite a similarity in call signs, there is no relation between WVOA-LP and the Voice of America service.
In the summer of 2007, the assets of Talpa Media were sold to RTL Nederland, which meant the end of the Tien television channel.
The station's signal is relayed on a low-powered digital translator station, W50BD-D, in Moorefield, West Virginia.
An English version also broadcast in the United Kingdom in late 2004 and early 2005, during E4's downtime hours.
Fox Life is a television channel in Italy owned by Fox Networks Group.
KUTA is an Retro TV affiliate, but overnight they broadcast Telemundo.
Newport Television continued to operate KGET through a shared services agreement.
SF was an Australian subscription channel that aired science fiction, fantasy and related programs.
The station is owned by Nexstar Media Group, as part of a duopoly with ABC affiliate WTNH.
In August 2013, it was reported that approximately 61,217,000 American households were receiving G4.
On Shaw Direct, the channel is available on 315 or 029, and in high definition on channel 023 or 523.
WVTN-LP is a low-powered television station that is licensed to and serving Corbin, Kentucky.
The channel used to be known as Canal+ Film 3 and Canal+ Action.
India is the only South Asian country where it is launched.Fox Life launched in India on 15 June 2014, replacing Fox Traveller.
Syndicated programming on WLAX includes The Big Bang Theory, Two and a Half Men, Modern Family, and Judge Judy among others.
The stations are second digital subchannels of the ABC-affiliates KHBS / KHOG-TV, which are both owned by Hearst Television.
It provided 783,000 training day sessions online in 2009 and claims it had saved schools an estimated £235m.
The Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick Television Service is a Canadian cable television channel in the province of New Brunswick.
WGTV's digital/HDTV facility started broadcasting on December 20, 2007 on channel 12.
The launch increased Discovery's reach in the Flemish region to 2.4 million households.
Club RTL is a Luxembourgish channel of French language based in Kirchberg, Luxembourg and owned by RTL Group.
Although technically owned by Tougaloo College, WLOO is actually controlled by American Spirit and in turn Raycom Media through a separate joint sales agreement.
For a time, looped news, sport and weather bulletins were available to view via BBC Red Button.
WBAY-TV's studios are located on South Jefferson Street in downtown Green Bay, and its transmitter is located in Ledgeview).
The channel was launched on January 1, 1994 and is available for Cablelink and contract for local cable operators.
Owned by Quincy Media, the station operates on VHF digital and virtual channel 7 from a transmitter located at the AFLAC Tower north of Rowley, Iowa.
The Simply Movies channel was formed as an offshoot of Simply Media's Simply Home Entertainment mail order company.
The original Nuevos Cómicos program is a stand up comedy program, whose comedians also make theater performance tours since 2001.
Com Hem, the largest cable network in Sweden, launched it on April 2, 2007.
RTP1 is the main television channel of Rádio e Televisão de Portugal, the Portuguese public broadcasting corporation.
It was relaunched in its present form on 1 April 2006 in the Athens metropolitan area, and gradually spread its coverage nationwide.
WBOC-DT2 is the Fox-affiliated television station for the Delmarva Peninsula of Maryland and Delaware.
Astro Vinmeen HD is South East Asia’s first 24-hour general entertainment Tamil HD channel.
It was launched on July 7, 2000 and replaced the music channel Atomic TV after it was purchased by MTV Networks Europe.
The channel aired a number of audio messages from Gaddafi and his aides when they fled Tripoli.
Syndicated programming on KJTV includes: Two and a Half Men, Friends, Ellen, How I Met Your Mother, and AgDay.
The station has since been taken off the air, with no Federal Communications Commission information available.
KSLM-LD is an affiliate of the Retro Television Network.
DWAC-TV, channel 23, is the flagship station of Philippine all-sports and action television network ABS-CBN Sports and Action, a fully owned subsidiary of ABS-CBN Corporation.
The three stations shared studios in Saltillo, Mississippi.
KPHO has its studios located on North Seventh Avenue in Uptown Phoenix with its transmitter located on South Mountain on the city's south side.
The service rebranded into Fox Sports Eredivisie on 1 August 2013.
This station broadcasts an analog signal on VHF channel 9 from a transmitter in Farley along the Clarks River.
Launched in Fall of 2013, Animalist, along with Revision3, TestTube, and the Defranco Network make-up the web-original video arm for Discovery Communications.
In 2015 News Media cut around 15 to 17 percent of the employees of Lifenews.
It is part of the Xmedia group of societies at the university and affiliated with the Students' Guild.
The station, incorporated as a non-profit organization, is entirely student-run, and all programming is student-produced.
When the right amount of money was deposited into the box, a scrambled signal sent through coaxial cables was unscrambled and rendered visible.
WNYZ-LP is a low-power television station licensed to New York City, owned by the Island Broadcasting Company.
As of February 2015, Outdoor Channel is available to approximately 35.8 million pay television households in the United States.
KCPM also simulcasts KSTC broadcasts of Minnesota State High School League tournaments.
The regional cable news channel's branding is derived from its channel slot in the New Orleans area on Cox Communications channel 15.
The station is operated by Charter and can be seen on the system on channel 21.
Pioneers of the Marathi Mass Entertainment genre, COLORS Marathi is the first to experiment with new homegrown non-fiction formats that revolutionized the Marathi Television space.
Established in 1996, SGT is one of the business groups headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Bayubay Sur, San Vicente, Ilocos Sur and the location of transmitter is at Mt.
KGO-TV, channel 7, is an ABC owned-and-operated television station located in San Francisco, California, United States.
It ceased broadcasting on April 30, 2007.
However, the ESPN brand is remained in China, India and South Asia.
A high definition feed is available on Spectrum digital channel 1224.
Though it is privately owned, it receives public subsidies from television licence fees.
The two stations share studios in Huntington; WQCW's transmitter is located in Milton, West Virginia on the tower of CBS affiliate WOWK-TV.
Initially, the channel was broadcasting between 12 p.m. and 6 a.m.
The channel broadcasts American imports with both Spanish and English audio soundtracks.
It is the oldest TV station in Mexico and Latin America.
KGPT maintains offices located on South Greenwood Street in Wichita, and its transmitter is located in rural northwestern Sedgwick County.
It broadcasts a mixture of comedy series and original programming with Spanish comedians.
The station is owned by Midwest Television, Inc., and is a sister station to radio stations KFMB and KFMB-FM.
Knowledge TV was a cable television channel owned by Jones Media Group that broadcast educational programming.
On October 7, 2001, WXMS became a primary UPN affiliate after ceding its WB affiliation to sister station WDBD, which had defected from the Fox network.
Previously, Triangle has broadcast across Auckland on analogue UHF via a government-owned UHF channel reserved for non-commercial regional television from transmitters at Waiatarua, Pinehill and Remuera.
Its programs are primarily from MBC's flagship AM station DZRH and station-produced programs, occupied by the timeslots of radio dramas.
This move increased the number of bureaus to 16, one for each Polish voivodeship.
The name Kanal comes from the shape of the valley.
Its tag line is "Love Laugh Live".
KFDM is a television station licensed to Beaumont, Texas and serving the Beaumont/Port Arthur market.
The company produces ad-supported, internet-based animated segments called Mondo Mini Shows.
These satellite operations provide additional news bureaus for KOB and sell advertising time to local sponsors.
GameTV is a Canadian English language Category B television channel that broadcasts primarily game and competition-based programming such as game shows, reality television, and sports-related programming.
Due to legal conflicts with ARD, VH-1 had to use the January 1985-1987 American logo rather than the then-current logo of the American incarnation.
It shared a studio and tower on Shipley Road in north Wilmington with its radio sisters.
The channel is also available in Canada, which broadcasts original programming at the same as the United States and localized versions across Europe, Asia, and Australia.
EBS Plus 2 — The main focus of this channel is "lifelong" learning, with various programs for younger and older viewers.
KSLA, virtual channel 12, is a CBS-affiliated television station located in Shreveport, Louisiana, United States.
Selected telenovelas will be broadcast in HD on Astro Mustika HD.
KRII, ATSC channel 11 in Chisholm operates as a semi-satellite and has a bureau on East Howard Street in Hibbing.
The channel has been launched in March 1997 by CBS.
WHO-DT was repeated on K27CV channel 27 in Ottumwa and K66AL channel 66 in Clarinda.
Al-Nahar TV is a Canadian exempt Category B Arabic language specialty channel.
REN TV is one of the largest private federal TV channels in Russia.
There is a high definition feed offered on Rogers Cable digital channel 51, Bell ExpressVu channel 200, Bell Aliant TV channel 400 and Eastlink channel 601.
In late December, reruns of Law and Order: Criminal Intent were phased into the schedule.
After Metro Gold went off-air, it signed a contract with STAR Plus, India's number 1 channel and sold off all of their shows to the channel.
New programs made their national television premiere on other channels: For example, The Penguins of Madagascar made debut on NHK Educational Television on April 4, 2010.
Beginning from 1 April 2017, the channel had been supposedly replaced by TV5 and moved to Astro’s Channel 109.
The station then signed-off until the summer of 2007, when Scala sold the station to Hispanic Christian Community Network.
It launched on November 30, 2005 under the ownership of MTV Networks and corporate parent Viacom.
WUSA's studios and transmitter are located in the Tenleytown neighborhood of Washington.
The channel Launch a new look on April 1 at
NBC also leased a subchannel of WMFP in Lawrence, Massachusetts to provide an alternate full-power signal for viewers in the Boston area.
RTÉ Ireland is the planned international television channel by Ireland's public service broadcaster Raidió Teilifís Éireann.
The two stations share studios located on Target Industrial Circle in West Bangor, and WVII's transmitter is based on Black Cap Mountain.
The network provides seven 24-hour multiplex channels, including HBO Comedy, HBO Latino, HBO Signature, and HBO Family.
KUVN-CA of Fort Worth operated on channel 31 until 2001 when KUVN-CA changed to channel 47 clearing the way for other use of channel 31.
Its signal is relayed through a network of seven low-power translators across central and northern Arizona, including KAZT-CD in Phoenix.
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on VHF channel 10 from a transmitter east of the city on Cannonball Road near I-172.
TV Roskosmos is the television station of the Russian Federal Space Agency.
Stephen Byrne and Bláthnaid Treacy host Two Tube every weekday night from 17.00 to 18.30.
The station's transmitter is located in unincorporated northeastern Fort Bend County.
WJLA-TV, virtual and VHF digital channel 7, is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to the American capital city of Washington, District of Columbia.
KMCY simulcasts all network and syndicated programming from KBMY, but airs separate commercials and station identifications.
It is currently available on the Foxtel, Optus Television and Fetch TV subscription platforms.
The network is similar to other joint venture services already available in Tasmania, Mildura, Darwin and Western Australia.
Launched on August 1, 1981, the channel originally aired music videos as guided by television personalities known as "video jockeys".
On February 1, 2009, it started broadcasting terrestrially via Boxer's transmitters.
The station is owned by the Fox Television Stations subsidiary of 21st Century Fox, as part of a duopoly with MyNetworkTV owned-and-operated station KDFI.
It operates a non-commercial Public, educational, and government access cable tv channel called JTV 21.
KUNP, UHF digital channel 16, is a Univision-affiliated television station serving Portland, Oregon, United States, and that is licensed to La Grande.
The channel is mostly owned by Sanoma Corporation, which owns the Helsingin Sanomat and Ilta-Sanomat newspapers.
TVP3 Łódź is one of the regional branches of the TVP, Poland's public television broadcaster.
After a troublesome 1990s, Kanal 5 launched new strategies in the early 2000s that established it as a popular entertainment channel targeting young people.
It was formerly known as MediaCorp TV12 Central and airs on the frequency 495.25 MHz.
It started to air on 12 November 2007.
However, on September 30 it flipped back to Telemundo.
Scripps Company as part of its exit from broadcasting.
WBTS-LD, virtual channel 8, is an NBC owned-and-operated low-powered television station located in Boston, Massachusetts in the United States.
7mate is an Australian free-to-air high definition digital television multichannel, which was launched by the Seven Network on 25 September 2010.
The Gila River Broadcasting Corporation is a television network serving the Gila River Indian Community in south-central Arizona.
CHOB-TV is a low-power community television station in Maskwacis, Alberta, Canada, which began broadcasting in 1997.
Māori Television, a New Zealand television station, broadcasts programmes that make a significant contribution to the revitalisation of the Māori language and culture.
WCLJ-TV maintains studio facilities on U.S. 31 South in Greenwood, and its transmitter is located on County Road 50 in rural southwestern Johnson County.
It is the first 24-hour film channel in the world dedicated to Greek cinema.
On August 15, 2012 it was relaunched under a new name: TVR News.
KXOC maintained transmitter facilities near the John Kilpatrick Turnpike/Interstate 44 in northeast Oklahoma City.
The parts of the O, P, and A's were cut.
KUBX was sold at auction to the Daystar Television Network on April 16, 2009, indicating that another programming change was planned.
On cable, the station is carried on channel 9 in the Raleigh area, and channel 6 in Durham and Chapel Hill.
It broadcasts its programs mainly in Sinhala.
In 2014 the channel made a rebranding.
Auction World.tv was a British television channel which auctioned a variety of products by telephone bidding.
The channel is also available online through RTÉ Live.
In 2003, Prima's broadcasting licence was extended until 28 June 2018.
The channel is aligned with the original US version of the channel.
KGNG-LD is a low power digital television station in Las Vegas, broadcasting on UHF channel 48, using virtual channel 47.x.
Price Busters TV was an unsuccessful shopping channel in United Kingdom launched by entrepreneur Mark Klein in July 2006.
Prior to June 1, 2009, they were affiliated with the America One network, with the branding of "The CAT".
KREX-TV, virtual channel 5, is the CBS-affiliated television station for most of western Colorado, based in Grand Junction.
The station is the local-access television channel of the cable system of WK&T Telecommunications, a unit of the West Kentucky Rural Telephone Cooperative.
MTV France was launched on June 20, 2000 in France.
It also be broadcast to Saudi Arabia.
Maleflixxx Television also has plans to be distributed internationally in the future, including the United States and Europe.
Other terms occasionally encountered are domal and cacuminal.
City8 was a proposed local television channel in Birmingham, that was previously scheduled to launch in November 2014.
PRO Cinema is a Romanian movie channel that is owned by ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE and launched on April 19, 2004.
Swara Channel is an independently operated 24-hour channel for the Indonesian Parliament.
WordNet also owns a network of gospel music stations fronted by WOGR in Charlotte.
There is a high definition feed provided on Spectrum digital channel 1209, Xfinity channel 803, Consolidated channel 620 and U-verse channel 1005.
It was Poland's first channel devoted exclusively to one sport.
KUNW's programming is also seen on two additional stations, both serving the Tri-Cities area of Richland, Pasco, and Kennewick, Washington:
It offers programmes to over 5,000 homes in Navan and environs.
WPME is the MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station for Southern Maine and Northern New Hampshire licensed to Lewiston, Maine.
Its basic programming include numerous television series, sitcoms and movies, among others, related to crime, horror and investigation.
XHND came on the air June 13, 1981 on analog channel 12.
KDEL Channel 20 is only available through Cox Communications in the Del City area.
The channel features both original productions and imported programmes.
In 2014, it became available on Australian streaming service Foxtel Play.
WJOS-LD is a broadcast television station licensed to Pomeroy, Ohio, serving Pomeroy and Middleport in Ohio and Mason and New Haven in West Virginia.
SIC Caras is a Portuguese digital cable and satellite television channel owned by SIC.
Spectrum SportsNet and Spectrum Deportes have been the exclusive home of all Lakers games that are not televised nationally since the 2012–13 NBA season.
It is the only PBS station in Georgia not run by Georgia Public Broadcasting as part of the GPB television network.
WJXF was sold at auction to Rainey Radio on April 16, 2009.
However, it was relaunched in Asia on January 1, 2015, with a new look and as part of the Boomerang's global rebranding effort for 2015.
CISA-DT, VHF channel 7, is a Global owned-and-operated television station located in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada.
WROV-TV, UHF Channel 27 in Roanoke, Virginia, was the second-oldest TV station in Roanoke.
It began broadcasting on 11 March 1960 from studios in the suburb of Collinswood.
TV 2 Science Fiction was a Norwegian television channel showing science fiction programs, TV-series and movies.
In the last year of operation, the channel has expanded with the introduction of several locally produced news and entertainment shows.
C4 2 was only available on digital Freeview terrestrial and satellite platforms.
Trojan Vision is a student television station at the University of Southern California through the School of Cinematic Arts.
Also known as "Teleto", a blend of "terebi" and "Tokyo", it is the key station of TX Network.
First established following the Gulf War, Kurdsat was among the Kurdish satellite stations in Kurdistan.
With a diverse range of content that spans genres like Reality, Entertainment and Drama, AXN targets viewers of 15-34 age group.
The Student Video Network or SVN is a Student television station at the University of Houston, Texas, United States.
It also bred some of British television's most successful production talent, including Layla Sabih, Mark Cowley and Rob Burley.
KIVA was a full-service television station in Yuma, Arizona, broadcasting locally on VHF channel 11.
It is one of two such Weather Channel broadcast stations, the other being K50DB-D, an unrelated station in Alexandria.
7flix is an Australian free-to-air digital television multichannel, which was launched by the Seven Network on 28 February 2016.
KBTX also offers The CW programming on its digital feed.
In addition, ZFB-TV also broadcasts BBC World News programming at various parts of the day, especially in late-night.
In July 2008, it was announced that the Guardian Enterprise Group would sell its original, full-powered station, WSFJ-TV, to TBN for $16 million.
The service offers multiple film channels with Belgian and international productions many of which are television premières.
Star One was an Indian television youth channel that primarily broadcast Hindi entertainment based in Mumbai.
However, due to copyright restrictions, the satellite signal of CCTV-1 is encrypted, and smartcards are needed for decryption.
In 2004, WNYX produced an hour long program called The New Yorkers hosted by James Chladek.
This channel was launched by Vemuri Radhakrishna after the success of Andhra Jyothi news paper.
According to its website, WBQC was the first television station to be fully automated.
An additional station, KWWA-CA channel 49, previously served Ellensburg, Washington.
In 2016, HGTV overtook CNN as the third most-watched cable channel in the United States, behind Fox News Channel and ESPN.
KOLO-TV is owned and operated by Gray Television.
WDMR-LD now serves as a complete simulcast of WRDM-CD.
It is owned by local cable system Cable Services, Inc., and broadcast on cable channel 10.
On August 3, 2015, KQMM-CD dropped the MTV Tres affiliation & started broadcasting Spanish religious programming from 3ABN Latino.
Together, the two stations are known as Pioneer Public Television.
Over the years, the service has had various names including SevenTel.
The station briefly returned to the air in February 2010 in analog as "Aleluya TV".
On 22 July 2015 it was announced that RTP Informação would rebrand once again.
It broadcasts programming from MH1 and Canadian content.
KNBN's transmitter is located in Rapid City.
In 2004, the station was acquired from low-power broadcasting giant Equity Broadcasting by Metro Video Productions of Lima.
No DTH service or cable operator is broadcasting this channel.
But on 5 March 2011 it was transformed into a general television.
Ion Life is an American digital broadcast television network that is owned by Ion Media Networks.
Cosmote Cinema is a 24/7 service and it features hit series from UK and blockbusters movies from Greece and abroad.
WCSN-LD, channel 32, is a low-power television station in Columbus, Ohio owned by Columbus Television LLC.
The station also shows soap operas in Bengali.
WWE Classics On Demand was an American subscription video on demand television service provided by WWE.
TV3 CAT was named until 29 May 2009, Televisió de Catalunya Internacional, it was the international channel of Catalonia, Televisió de Catalunya.
In the Philippines, simultaneously channel that was launched in Dream Satellite TV and Cignal Digital TV in October 2009.
Initially, the channel used to be broadcast only in Italy and Portugal.
XHMNU-TDT is an educational television station owned and operated by the Universidad Autónoma de Nuevo León in Monterrey, Nuevo Leon.
Headquarters of RTV Cazin is located in city of Cazin, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
KMID is the ABC affiliated television station in Midland-Odessa, Texas, owned and operated by Nexstar Media Group, which is headquartered in Irving, Texas.
Showcase is an Australian premium cable and satellite television channel.
Racing World was a spin-off service from Racing UK.
The channel, based in Porto, regularly covers popular music festivals like Optimus Primavera Sound and Vodafone Paredes de Coura.
Foxnet is a defunct American cable television network that was owned by the Fox Entertainment Group division of News Corporation.
GolTV was a Canadian English language Category B specialty channel.
KVQT is a low-power television station in Houston, Texas, broadcasting locally in digital on UHF channel 21.
The broadcaster will retain its Tustin facilities.
Sky Arts is a New Zealand television station dedicated to arts and cultural television from New Zealand and around the world.
CGTN Spanish is a Spanish language entertainment and news channel of China Central Television originating in China, and is part of the Chinese Government's information ministry.
ITV Choice is a cable and satellite television channel owned and operated by ITV plc.
The station was originally broadcast as W64BM on Channel 64.
All these programs also broadcast by ERT's standard-definition channels.
Al Aoula, also called TVM is a Moroccan Public broadcasting station and the first television channel of SNRT.
The station can also be seen on Comcast channel 3 and in high definition on digital channel 803.
It showed film, food, advertisements, sports and talk shows as well as conservative Christian programmes.
It broadcast across Serbia in time-sharing with children's channel Happy TV, and then merged into this TV, and now bears the name of Happy TV.
The station is owned by SagamoreHill Broadcasting.
Quest is a television channel in the United Kingdom.
It is broadcasting to Sweden, Norway, Denmark and Finland.
Maleflixxx Television is a Canadian exempt English language Category B specialty channel.
The Hallmark Channel is an American cable and satellite television network that is owned by Crown Media Holdings, which is owned by Hallmark Cards.
It operates the two Channel 3 Network licenses in northern and central Scotland, formerly known as Grampian Television and Scottish Television.
The network was mainly available via DirecTV via a purchased channel slot, along with the paid programming channels of various cable providers.
Over-the-air, it broadcasts a digital signal on VHF channel 12.2 from a transmitter in Mauriceville.
It is devoted to family entertainment and broadcasts movies and TV series.
WKAQ-TV maintains studios in San Juan, Puerto Rico, and its transmitter is located near the Bosque Estatal de Carite mountain reserve.
Some of its programmes still broadcasting in Mandarin Chinese.
The company was founded in 2010 and went live on 1 October 2012.
Both KCEN and KAGS are available on the Waco DirecTV and Dish Network feeds.
WHMB maintains studio facilities located on Greenfield Avenue in Noblesville, and its transmitter is located on Walnut Drive in northwestern Indianapolis.
Owned by Quincy Media, the station broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 19 from a transmitter west of downtown Duluth in Hilltop Park.
The station can be seen throughout the Jonesboro media market on Suddenlink channel 18.
The station has increased its use of paid "infomercials", in a clear break from the previous "local programming" status.
The U.S. version of the channel is shown in Canada while international versions exist for Australia, Latin America, and Europe.
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 18 from a transmitter off South Gettysburg Avenue, near the New Chicago section of the city.
A 2012 study, analyzing gravitational microlensing data, estimates an average of at least 1.6 bound planets for every star in the Milky Way.
State Championships in Volleyball, Softball, Basketball, Football and Soccer.
The station is owned by the Tribune Broadcasting subsidiary of Tribune Media, as part of a duopoly with independent station KAUT-TV.
KXDF-CD, channel 13, is the CBS affiliate in Fairbanks, Alaska.
K42DJ is a low-power television station in Las Cruces, New Mexico, broadcasting locally in analog on UHF channel 42 as an affiliate of the Azteca network.
Coverage population is over 530,000 according to the 2010 census data.
The station is owned by Univision Communications, as part of a duopoly with UniMás owned-and-operated station KSTR-DT.
KLFY-TV, virtual and VHF digital channel 10, is the CBS-affiliated television station in Lafayette, Louisiana, United States.
LRT Lituanica is the third Lithuanian public television channel, operated by LRT.
This issue was regarding a failure to file annual tax return
The channel offers a wide variety of programming including news, movies, dramas, talk shows, and more.
The network specialized in horror entertainment programming through a mix of acquired and original series, and feature films.
The station can also be seen on Charter Spectrum channel 2, in HD on digital channel 1209, and in Otsego County on digital channel 1211.
KIIT is also carried as channel 5 on the North Platte Charter Spectrum and Allo Communications cable systems, and channel 11 on Dish Network.
Director General: Alexey Brodskiy, Producer General: Ljubov Sovershaeva.
The channel largely targets the Arabic audience, especially young adults, and it has an important popularity among Arab viewers.
The station operates two semi-satellites--KEPR-TV in the Tri-Cities and KLEW-TV in Lewiston, Idaho.
KBSV is an Assyrian television station broadcasting on digital UHF channel 15, that serves the Modesto, Stockton, and Sacramento, California areas.
It is important to recognize that this non-profit society has volunteers who provide services directly to the community.
ESPN Classic is a Canadian English language Category B specialty channel owned by CTV Speciality Television Inc. and ESPN.
The channel was recently launched in Mauritius on the Parabole Maurice Platform.
Alfa TV was a premium television service available in Cyprus, that broadcast sports and children's programming as well as the odd film.
The station carries the Las Estrellas network.
After he sold the company to Chinese investors, the channel closed.
Much of Adult Swim's general content is known for its risqué, unorthodox and often bizarre presentation.
Channel 101 is a non-profit monthly short film festival in Los Angeles, which also has a sister festival in New York City, Channel 101 NY.
It is launched on 1 July 2013 and based in Astana, Kazakhstan.
PRISM is a defunct American regional premium cable television channel in the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania metropolitan area.
KXXV, virtual channel 25 and UHF digital channel 26, is an ABC-affiliated television station serving Central Texas that is licensed to Waco.
The network carries programs related to the military, warfare and military history and science.
Kolkata TV is a 24-hour Bengali news channel launched by SST Media in 2006.
WFSB's studios and offices are located on Capitol Blvd in Rocky Hill and its transmitter is located on Talcott Mountain in Avon, Connecticut.
In early 2011, WJMF-LP was relocated to channel 6, when it was relaunched as a radio station, "EZ 87.7".
Nick Jr. is still a block in Nickelodeon Philippines.
These 24-hour channels will be available on StarHub TV in Singapore beginning May 18 on Telekom Malaysia Berhad's Hypp.TV in Malaysia on June 1 and onwards.
OTV now covers the world through different broadcasting channels for European Union, Canada, United States, Australia, and the Arab World.
SNC, was based in the New York City suburb of Stamford, Connecticut.
The station maintains studios and offices on West Boardman Street in downtown Youngstown, and its transmitter is based in the city's Lansingville neighborhood.
Moreover, since November 2014 collaborates with the sports Action 24 also relaying part of its program.
Television is broadcast in seven different languages including Turkmen, Russian, English, French, Chinese, Arabic and Persian.
It was part of Sky Italia at n.140.
These opportunities include reporting/interviewing, hosting, writing, camera operation, lighting, sound mixing, using Final Cut Pro & Adobe Creative Suite, editing, producing, and directing.
B92 is a television broadcaster with national coverage headquartered in Belgrade, Serbia.
Owned by Tribune Broadcasting, the station has studios on Holmes Avenue Northwest in downtown Huntsville.
Founded on May 16, 1992 and owned by Entravision Communications, it broadcasts on UHF channel 48.
It featured quiz shows where callers could complete rounds which became progressively more difficult, earning more money for every round completed.
WTCI is the PBS member television station for Chattanooga, Tennessee and the Tennessee Valley.
The channel features Odia music from Ollywood and Various other music video from Odisha.
In 2004 the company was approached by MTV India for a takeover, to be branded as MTV South, but the deal went down.
With all programming on KUPT-LD recently cleared out it is unknown what will air on this station in the future.
The content is intended to develop a baby's skills, such as color recognition, counting and vocabulary.
There was also a daily news program.
Although ProSieben produces some of its programming itself, it also airs many American imports.
XHIMT-TDT is the flagship station and namesake of Mexico's Azteca 7 network, located in Mexico City.
As of February 2015, approximately 86,989,000 American households receive CMT.
In May 2016 the channel was banned and took off air in Punjab by the Badal family
The channel also broadcasts Formula 1 and one Champions League game on Tuesday and Wednesday in HD.
Its language is mainly in Persian but there are special programs in English and Arabic.
KBEO was a full-power television station serving Jackson, Wyoming.
The station was founded in 1964 and currently operates at the Tucker Center for Telecommunications on the BGSU campus.
The Eastern European timezone is marked with "Suomi" for Finnish viewers.
Kino Polska is a television channel which broadcasts Polish movies and series.
To access the high definition version of the channel, viewers must have a paid subscription with Virgin Media or Sky.
Therefore, the station is simulcast over WTHR's third digital subchannel in order to reach the entire market.
Its programming is aimed to a wide range of audiences and includes news, debate programmes, documentaries, sports and entertainment shows.
Owned by Nexstar Media Group, it serves as the CBS affiliate for the Huntington–Charleston television market, which also covers portions of southeastern Ohio and northeastern Kentucky.
It features live scores, highlights, most recent breaking news and commentaries.
The station can be viewed in the Lexington area on Charter Spectrum channels 7 and 910.
Owned by Block Communications, the station is sister to NBC affiliate WLIO, digital Class A station WOHL-CD, and low-powered CBS affiliate WLMO-LP.
The station is owned by Univision Communications.
WMJF-CD is low powered terrestrial television station broadcasting on channel 39 UHF in the Baltimore, Maryland area.
True Movies 2 initially broadcast for two hours in the early morning, from 4am to 6am by timesharing with Pop, a children's cartoon channel.
Nilesat 102 Frequency: 12226 Polarization: H FEC: 3/4
On September 9, 2017, the network will re-brand as Universal Kids, which will add primetime programming targeted towards family viewing.
TRT began broadcasting on January 31, 2011.
This can be seen in 720p high definition on VHF channel 8.2 from the same transmitter tower.
Owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group, KGAN operates Fox affiliate KFXA that is owned by Second Generation of Iowa, Ltd.
In that same year, on 13 September, the channel was launched in Poland.
GTA TV is a Ghanaian television channel owned by the Ghana Football Association.
It started broadcasting in Bangladesh on March 26, 2009; from the Telstar 10 satellite.
Cala is jointly owned by Brian Brady and Jason Wolff.
MinX broadcast 24 hours a day on Sky Digital Channel 377; however, it only showed 8 hours of music videos in full every day.
Owned by Heartland Media, WTVA operates Fox affiliate WLOV-TV through a local marketing agreement.
Other series distributed by Mondo Media feature notable writers and voice actors.
The station is owned by the Hearst Television division of the Hearst Corporation and has been owned by Hearst since the station's inception.
It was formerly affiliated with GMA Network and People's Television Network.
It broadcasts a gay movie every Tuesday and an amateur film every Wednesday.
It has also changed compression to MPEG-4.
Zee Cinema is a Hindi satellite movie channel in India based in Mumbai.
WPAG-TV signed-on April 3, 1953, making it both Washtenaw County's first TV station and the first UHF station in Michigan, signed-on two days later).
Travel Channel is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by Scripps Networks Interactive.
WKMG-TV, virtual channel 6, is a CBS-affiliated television station licensed to Orlando, Florida, United States.
Unlike many newspapers, The State News does not employ an ombudsman.
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 34 from a transmitter in Creal Springs, Illinois.
It was made available as a direct-to-home platform on 25 January 2014.
DD National is a state-owned general interest terrestrial television channel in India.
WGBX-TV, virtual channel 44, is a non-commercial educational PBS member television station located in Boston, Massachusetts, United States.
It also airs famous countdowns from VH1 United States.
WJBK's over-the-air signal covers the entire Metro Detroit area, along with the southwestern portion of the Canadian province of Ontario, surrounding the city of Windsor.
New Tang Dynasty Television is a non-profit general interest Chinese language channel that was established by expatriate Chinese in the US in 2001.
There is a high definition feed offered on Access Communications digital channel 510 and Sasktel Max channel 304.
It was founded in 1977 by Renzo Villa, a clerk of the municipality of Varese, who became a self made TV publisher.
From March 22, 2009, the channel will also be available from the Viasat satellite platform.
The channel was launched in June 2000.
Today, the package is named CINERAMA and comprises this channel, as well as Ciné Polar, Ciné First, and Ciné Pop.
WSQY-LP channel 51 is a Christian television station licensed to Greenville, South Carolina.
KSPR-LD's CW-affiliated subchannel broadcasts on the second digital subchannel of KYTV in order to reach the entire market.
Initially advertised as a male-skewed channel, this branding was later dropped.
The channel transmits over two programming blocks, as it timeshares with Nethra TV.
Station promos were sung by the a cappella singing group The Persuasions.
The station is owned by Nexstar Media Group; Nexstar also operates CBS affiliate KOLR under a shared services agreement with owner Mission Broadcasting.
On 21 August 2012, Sumo TV closed and was replaced with a simulcast of the Horror Channel on Sky channel 198.
DZVC-TV is a local commercial television station owned by ABS-CBN Corporation.
It was launched on 30 May 2011.
Its slogan is Telangana Gunde Chappudu, meaning The pulse of Telangana.
GWN7 is an Australian television network owned by the Prime Media Group serving all of Western Australia outside of metropolitan Perth.
The station is owned by KVIE, Inc., a community-based nonprofit that is governed by a volunteer board of directors.
Kiosk showed feature films before they had their pay-TV premiere on Canal+.
The State News is governed by a Board of Directors, which comprises journalism professionals, faculty and students.
The channel was run in cooperation with the Swedish channel TV4 Science fiction and from April 2009 was available only as a Web-TV channel.
The channel was launched on 16 June 2014, as a 24-hour Hindi movie channel.
A 1-hour timeshift channel, Nuts TV +1 launched on 20 October 2008.
Its programs are oriented toward all levels of Ukrainian society and national minorities.
On 18 December 2009, Rockworld TV returned to the Sky EPG.
La5 is an Italian entertainment television channel, launched on May 12, 2010 and owned by the media company Mediaset.
The channel is a free-to-air and launched on 14 January 2016.
CKCO-DT, virtual and VHF digital channel 13, is a CTV owned-and-operated television station located in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada.
The channel broadcasts the same lineup of programming as other international versions of JimJam, but Polsat JimJam broadcasts according to local time.
The channel ended its broadcast on December 1, 2015, with a NOS test card.
For the programming format of television channels focused on movies, see movie channel.
H&I features mostly action-based TV series shown on digital channel 16.3.
It is available on cable and satellite television.
it is Branded as WMEI 14 and TeleMar.
The INM group of companies was dominated by Tony O'Reilly and his family between 1973 and 2012.
On April 20, 2007, Clear Channel Communications entered into an agreement to sell its entire television stations group to Providence Equity Partners.
The channel also has the most watched Iranian news broadcast, and televises the Friday prayers.
On 3 November 2010, NME TV was replaced with Scuzz on Freesat channel 503.
WTRF-TV, channel 7, is a television station located in Wheeling, West Virginia, United States.
It carries home shopping programs from HSN2.
Syfy is an Australian subscription television channel dedicated to science fiction and fantasy television shows and movies.
Terai tv was later rebranded as TTV.
The channel broadcasts 18 hours a day and shows about 420 movies a year.
KWBM, virtual and UHF digital channel 31, is a Daystar owned-and-operated television station serving Springfield, Missouri, United States, that is licensed to Harrison, Arkansas.
MTV Music 24 is a Dutch thematic music television channel of MTV.
Kanal 7 is a Turkish nationwide TV channel established in 1994.
The channel had very often been criticized for its sensationalist attempts and its obsession with subjects as well as its subversive nature.
The station began broadcasting in December 1999 as an affiliate of both the WB and UPN networks.
KTOO was formerly part of AlaskaOne, until is dissolvement in 2012.
Both the Fuel and Indians retained online streaming rights, meaning that HTSI's online feed was unable to carry their games.
The channel was acting as a placeholder until the EPG slot was sold to another broadcaster.
France 3 Provence-Alpes produces regional news, sport, features and entertainment programming.
Music Channel Romania, also known as MusicChannel or 1Music, is a Romanian music television channel, opened on November 1, 2010 and owned by Media House.
It was launched in March 1997, primarily on the CanalSat platform.
KLMN was a television station in Great Falls, Montana, broadcasting locally on channel 26 as an affiliate of Fox.
WMHT is licensed to the city of Schenectady, New York and it's owned and operated by WMHT Educational Telecommunications along with sister radio station WMHT-FM.
Nova Cinema features hit movies from Greece and abroad, including Hollywood blockbusters.
The channel was founded in 1950 as RTF Télé-Lille.
Sinclar Broadcast Group also operates Chillicothe-licensed, CW-affiliated WWHO, through a shared services agreement with Manhan Media.
KPDX's signal is relayed in Central Oregon through translator station KUBN-LP in Bend, making the station available in about two-thirds of the state.
It is seen on SCRTC Cable Channel 6 in all locations the cable television and telephone company services.
Principally featuring educational programming, the channel's motto is la chaîne de la connaissance et du savoir.
A construction permit for digital broadcasting as KOHA-LD, digital channel 47, was allowed to expire on July 12, 2010.
KJWP, channel 2, is a television station in Wilmington, Delaware, serving as the MeTV affiliate for Philadelphia.
The channel's programming, as the name suggests, is made up of the biographies of famous people, including bands, politicians and criminals.
Sporza is a multimedia brand of Belgian radio and television network VRT specifically for coverage of sporting events.
Animal Planet Europe launched on July 1, 1997 in the Benelux.
WVEO is a full-service television station in Aguadilla, Puerto Rico transmitting on digital channel 17.
AXN White is a Portuguese digital cable and satellite television channel operated by Sony Pictures Television International Networks Iberia.
Its primary focus is on motorsports, as inferred by its name taken from Italian driver Tazio Nuvolari.
The local contents of Balls are produced and licensed by ABS-CBN Sports.
For a time, The Children's Channel also transmitted on transponder 5, airing during the early morning before Lifestyle programming started.
Dawn News is one of Pakistan's 24-hour Urdu news channel.
It was launched on April 7, 2010.
KBYU-TV, virtual channel 11, is a PBS member television station serving Salt Lake City, Utah, United States that is licensed to Provo.
This station studios and transmitters are located at Cagayan De Oro City.
The channel's objective is to promote and preserve the Amazigh culture in Morocco and in the North Africa region.
It is a third digital subchannel of NBC affiliate WVIR-TV owned by the Waterman Broadcasting Corporation.
It is also available on both national satellite services, Bell TV and Shaw Direct.
K40FJ is a low-power television station in Midland, Texas.
It is the first ever station in Bangladesh using HD Technology.
It launched in 2004, and was owned by Fox Sports Pty Ltd. Fuel TV mainly aired content originally sourced for the now defunct American Fuel TV.
On 17 January 2013, Movie Mix began to simulcast the full More Than Movies schedule on Freeview but retained its own Movie Mix branding.
It is owned by the Citrus County Association for Retarded Citizens, a not-for-profit organization that assists handicapped and disabled people in Citrus County.
Kix is a free-to-air children's television channel in the United Kingdom, owned by CSC Media Group.
This was owned by First United Broadcasting Corporation in the 1990s.
The event was organised by Comedy Central India in association with Viacom 18 and Meraevents.
WMAZ-DT2 is a CW-affiliated television station located in Macon, Georgia, United States.
Fashion One operates internationally with offices in the United States, Europe and Asia.
Before becoming an affiliate of MyNetworkTV, KTOV was a UPN affiliate.
TVN24 is first HD news channel in Poland and East-Central Europe, launched on November 30, 2012.
In April 2009 HilversumBest renamed into Best24.
KYLU-LP is a low-power television station in Lubbock, Texas, broadcasting locally on channel 49 as a religious station, formerly an MTV2 affiliate.
Opened in 1971, it was, until the RTS1 transition to color in the mid 1970s, the only Serbian television station in color.
Early May 2013 the new management stated that they wanted to transform TVi into a mainstream TV channel.
On cable, the station is available on Charter Spectrum channels 9 and 709, and on AT&T U-verse channels 9 and 1009.
WJWM-LP Is a new station to the U.S. Virgin Islands, being founded on March 3, 2005, along with W35CE, the local TBN affiliate.
TeleHit is a Mexican cable/satellite television network.
The channel was launched on 14 March 2001 and closed on 31 December 2001 after nine months of run time.
Kalunasan, Cebu City, TV5 Cebu is the first ever UHF TV station in the Philippines after the shut-down of FEN-17 in 1991.
This channel is available on the direct to home providers such as Tata Sky and Dish TV.
KYUU-LD is the CW-affiliated television station for Idaho's Treasure Valley.
Frisbee is an Italian TV channel marketed towards boys and owned by Discovery Communications.
This station can also be seen on Vidéotron channel 4 and in high definition on digital channel 604.
After America's Store on April 3, 2007, W38DH began broadcasting programming from HSN.
The capital city is Riga, the European Capital of Culture 2014.
The channel covers the region with sensitivity in a manner that promotes grassroots-level development.
WSNS-TV, virtual channel 44, is a Telemundo owned-and-operated television station located in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
The station is also seen via satellite through DirecTV and Dish Network.
Play TV was a music channel that was revamped to Play Max as an entertainment channel in 2014 but again changed its logo and design.
On 2 April 2012, WBC and KLSE partnership called as "Bisnes Kuala Lumpur" is a business and financial news programmes a subsidiary of KLSE.
Owned by Sinclair Broadcast Group, the station has studios on South Byrne Road in Toledo.
The channel was launched on October 21, 2004 under the name Réseau Info-Sports
Zone Thriller was a television channel in Europe that launched on 3 July 2006.
The two stations share studio facilities located on North 13th Street in Downtown Fort Smith.
It competes with Nippon Television, TV Asahi, NHK, Tokyo Broadcasting System, TV Tokyo, and Fuji Television, all of which are flagship stations of national networks.
Channel 28 provides local programming from Lower Columbia College and live coverage from NASA and many other educational sources.
The station is owned by Meredith Corporation, as part of a duopoly with CBS affiliate KPHO-TV.
SMBC Insight is a Hindi-language 24/7 News television channel, owned by See Media Services private Limited.
Outside of the terrestrial broadcast Cable TV, Teledünya, Tivibu, Digiturk, D-Smart and satellite broadcasts to reach the audience.
HispanTV has foreign journalists from Spain, Argentina, Mexico, USA, Chile, Nicaragua and Venezuela.
3sat is a public, advertising-free, German-language television network.
The channel is majority-owned by Timedia Holding SA, which also owns Corriere del Ticino, a local newspaper.
MK is for Musiek Kanaal and 89 was the original channel number on DStv satellite decoders.
It broadcasts into over 10 million homes in Canada, and is a Category C specialty channel.
The network has agreements with more than 300 providers.
As a result, KKRR was left with no programming.
The two stations share studio and office facilities on Southwest 27th Street in Miramar; WSCV's transmitter is located near Sun Life Stadium in north Miami-Dade County.
It was added to Foxtel on 1 December 2003.
It is the first Malayalam channel in Canada and is currently available via Bell Fibe TV and Rogers Cable.
The station mostly airs paid programming outside of those shows.
The broadcast tower was destroyed in an April 1956 Hudsonville-Standale tornado.
Until mid-2015, KLFY was carried on Suddenlink Cable in Alexandria concurrently with CBS affiliate KALB-DT2.
Nickelodeon was originally a block on Channel 9 from 2000 to 2006.
The channel ran on Digital 106, channel 46 on Sky and channel 14 on Igloo.
KFTL airs Crossings TV on 28.1, Creation TV on 28.2, California Music Channel on 28.3, and Retro Television Network on 28.10.
Rebranded L'Équipe in September 2016, the channel currently airs in French and in HD.
The station can also be seen on Cable One channel 3 and in high definition on digital channel 1003.
It broadcasts in analog on UHF channel 25 as a Trinity Broadcasting Network affiliate and is locally owned by Lake Havasu Christian Television.
A channel called Sky News International, with the same news content but without British adverts, is available in Europe, Africa, Asia and the United States.
Ulaanbaatar Broadcasting System, or UBS, is a television broadcaster in Mongolia.
Then, it moved to the Orbit Network platform.
The station's signal is relayed on low-power translator station KQDK-CD in Aurora, Colorado.
Live India was an Indian Hindi TV channel owned by Broadcast Initiatives Ltd., focusing on news and commentary.
It had offices across Ireland and in the US and UK.
Mr. Nilambar Rath was the first Editor of the channel.
Canal180 introduced several innovations never seen before on Portuguese TV: it's the first national channel completely dedicated to culture and creativity.
KEVU-CD is a low-powered MyNetworkTV affiliate in Eugene, Oregon, USA.
Sun Television Co. is a commercial television station headquartered in Kobe, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan, and a member of the Japanese Association of Independent Television Stations.
Created in 1996 and transmitted by the AB Sat satellite, it was at the time the first French channel to broadcast pornography every evening.
The station's signal barely covered Charleston itself, and even then reception was hit-or-miss more than five miles from the station's tower on Bownemont Hill.
Available in the United Kingdom and Ireland on subscription satellite and digital television services.
The channel played a broad range of music genres from both local and international artists.
Canal+ was a Spanish commercial television channel, launched in September 1990 on terrestrial television frequencies.
The news channel's coverage ranges from latest news on Business, Industry, Markets, Stocks verticals to Economy, Policy, Baking, Technology, Telecom and Personal Finance.
TVN International or iTVN is a general interest channel that launched in April 2004.
This is due to financial demands as the must carry rule would normally apply in that area.
DD Bangla is the Bengali language satellite channel supported by Doordarshan studios in Kolkata, Shantiniketan and Jalpaiguri.
It broadcasts a high-definition digital signal on VHF channel 9 from a transmitter in Orford.
Physique TV is the MENA region's first and only 24-hour HD television channel dedicated to physical fitness, healthy living, nutrition, and action sport.
MHz Worldview offers international newscasts, foreign dramas, music performances, and diversity programming, in English or with subtitles.
Towards the end of its run, .tv implemented several new shows heavily sponsored by online technology store dabs.com, promoting products which were available at that site.
XHALC-TV was a television station on channel 9 in Aldama, Chihuahua, Mexico.
It covers most of the country and it is owned by Dan Voiculescu, who is the founder president of the Conservative Party.
However, KXMD airs separate commercials and station identifications.
The station carries additional religious programming, as well as some secular programming including The Beverly Hillbillies.
It was the only Polish channel allowed to air commercials for prescription drugs, which were its main source of funding.
Zee Bollyworld TV is an online Indian Bollywood high-definition television channel, which is owned and operated by Zee Entertainment Enterprises and FilmOn.
The station went on air on April 17, 1991 as XHCMO-TV, broadcasting on channel 3.
The station ceased operations November 28, 2007, and the owners surrendered its license to the FCC.
The station's signal is relayed on low-power translator station KDVT-LP in Denver, which is owned by Entravision Communications.
Owned by Grupo Multimedios, it serves as the flagship station for the Multimedios Televisión network.
This station was and is not in any way related to WLKT-FM, the Mainstream Top 40 radio station in Lexington.
The channel broadcasts 24 hours a day.
Showtime Greats broadcast films dating from the 1960s to the early 2000s.
Mediaset TGCOM 24 is a Canadian Category B Italian language specialty channel.
Its first anchor was Amir Mahmood Razak, who eventually also presented for the English version.
In the 2014 Australian federal budget, all funding to the Australia Network was cut and its closure was announced.
Country Music Videos were also a large part of programming during the 1990s.
Other satellite stations of KOB include KOBF in Farmington and KOBG-TV in Silver City.
KYNM-CD is a low-powered digital Class A television station in Albuquerque, New Mexico broadcasting on digital UHF channel 21.
Since November 2014, it has been broadcasting on all providers in the Czech Republic, the Netherlands and the Flanders region of Belgium.
The Foundation was for a long time the provider of most of Westlink's programming, and also had programming on NITV.
Viewers Choice said it would be working with its remaining partner service providers to transition to other pay-per-view services.
Unlike sister channel RTP2, RTP1 broadcasts commercial advertising, which, along with the licence fee, finances the channel.
The station is owned by the Three Angels Broadcasting Network.
Star Movies Action is an Indian television channel that primarily broadcast Action Movies based in Mumbai.
Owned by Tegna, Inc., it is a former sister station to MeTV affiliate KCEB, which is owned by London Broadcasting Company.
With the extended hours, there are more reality programmes, live talk shows, reruns and the introduction of long form dramas.
Pac-12 Bay Area, featuring events from the University of California, Berkeley and Stanford University
It is owned by OTA Broadcasting, a company controlled by Michael Dell's MSD Capital.
This can also be seen on Spectrum Cable channels 16 and 1212 in standard definition and high definition.
On June 11, 2011, WIRE-CD launched Three Angels Broadcasting Network on subchannel 40.4.
The shown programs mainly came from Spiegel TV, dctp, BBC, Süddeutsche Zeitung and others.
Shalom Television is an Indian Catholic Christian television channel based in Kerala.
DTD, also known as Ten Darwin, is a digital television station in Darwin, Northern Territory.
Operated as part of the ESPN International division, the service is composed of ESPN and ESPN2; both were launched in 2007.
Bid Plus was a British television shopping channel owned by Bid Shopping.
The network airs both new series, and archived programming from Food Network.
On cable, KSNL is available in standard definition on Cox Communications channel 3, and in high definition on digital channel 2003.
KBTV-CD, virtual channel 8, known on-air as Crossings TV, is a television station in Sacramento, California, United States, broadcasting locally as a multicultural independent station.
Lumière Movies was an Indian 24-hour movie channel dedicated to foreign films owned by Turner Broadcasting System based in Mumbai.
KUPT-LD is a low power digital broadcast television station licensed to and serving the Albuquerque, New Mexico area.
These series include: The Good Wife, The Vampire Diaries, Ringer, The Secret Circle, 90210, and Pretty Little Liars.
It currently simulcasts on co-owned WOWZ-LP, another low-power channel 6 station, licensed to Salisbury, Maryland and serving the Ocean City-Salisbury area.
Its programmes aere prepared by the same weather team that presents the forecasts for TVN Meteo's sister channel TVN 24 and the group's flagship channel, TVN.
CH7's headquarters are at Mo Chit, Chatuchak.
The station attempted to gain commercial traction by being carried by the predominant San Diego cable TV operator, Cox Communications.
Bell Aliant simultaneously operated a single Community One channel serving all of Atlantic Canada, prior to its full acquisition by Bell Canada in 2014.
Starting in the fall of 2012 WTOP will be broadcasting on campus exclusively in digital.
As of February 2015 , Nick at Nite is available to approximately 94,792,000 pay television households in the United States.
ZDF is financed by television licence fees and advertising revenues.
KOPX-TV, virtual channel 62, is an Ion Television owned-and-operated television station licensed to Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States.
The information slate was removed on 16 March 2010.
The channel appeared after an agreement between TVI and Zon TV Cabo, currently named NOS, on August 1, 2012.
TV program is currently broadcast 24h at the four frequencies, estimated number of viewers population is about 104.028.
Velez., Cagayan De Oro City the same as their AM and FM station.
The channel heavily features American and British drama series from the major broadcast networks and premium cable networks.
The channel started broadcasting news from August 16, 2001.
Its programming is multiplexed, including EstrellaTV, Home Shopping Network, Daystar, Tvida, an all infomercial channel, and Aviva Hispanic Religious Broadcasting channels.
XHRCG-TDT, also known as RCG Televisión, is a television station located in Saltillo, Coahuila, Mexico.
As of 2009, the company's systems in Western Canada are served by the distinct PersonaTV division.
In June 2012, WCJB-DT2 started broadcasting in 720p high definition in June 2012, as The CW Plus recently began broadcasting in HD.
It relaunched as Shine TV in 2002, when it was added to Sky Television's digital platform.
WFFF-TV is the Fox affiliate for Vermont's Champlain Valley and Upstate New York's North Country.
Therefore, the station can also be seen through a simulcast on WDJT's second digital subchannel in order to reach the entire market.
It also airs films from a wide variety of genres including comedies, dramas, romance, crime, adventure as well as historical films.
Afterwards, the FCC conducted an inspection of KJIB-LP's facilities.
MTA 3 also known as MTA 3 Al Arabiya is the third television channel of the MTA International satellite network.
After 2 years, it changed name to Super!
It was an affiliate of America One until December 21, 2007; it then carried the Retro Television Network until 2014, and Cozi TV until January 2017.
The station operates out of an art gallery called the 'Co-Prosperity Sphere'.
It started broadcasting in on July 28, 2005.
Both of these "dot 2's" carry the Telemundo Network in High Definition with Local news at 6PM and 11PM Monday through Friday.
The wine bar itself was completed in March 2007.
The fourth ceremony was held on October 10, 2009 and was hosted by Mike Epps and aired on October 27.
KILM is Multicultural's only-owned television station as of 2017.
It is owned by the Grupo Clarín and its subsidiary, Artear.
The digital station went on the air in February 2012 on channel 45, leaving WUVM-LP as the only analog TV station broadcasting in the metro area.
Late April 2013 the channel changed ownership in a disputed takeover.
On 15 August 2013, TEN Cricket launched in Canada on Rogers Cable via an agreement with Canadian broadcaster Ethnic Channels Group.
The 2,060-foot high KXJB-TV mast, located near Galesburg, North Dakota, was the second tallest man-made structure on Earth when it was built in 1966.
Before the channel launched, some programs were shown Super RTL and Disney Channel.
Polsat Sport News launches officially on May 30, 2011 at 7:00.
CJNT's transmitter is located at Mount Royal Park, near Downtown Montreal.
KGW, VHF digital channel 8, is an NBC-affiliated television station located in Portland, Oregon, United States.
The content consisted of three movies every evening.
In December 12, 2014, VH1 was also taken off from NET, being replaced with a local version of VH1 MegaHits.
129 Alternate along the Twiggs-Bibb County line.
It was launched at 12:00 GMT on 1 January 2007.
The channel is part of the Afghan Choice bouquet of channels.
Together they maintain studios on 111 Chalan Santo Papa in Hagåtña.
It includes 24/7 music videos and news.
RTV Zenica is the regional broadcaster that has modern equipment for broadcasting radio and television programs, as well as audio and video production.
On cable, the station is available on Cox Communications digital channel 444.
It was most recently a repeater that broadcast programming from the Trinity Broadcasting Network, via satellite.
The station is owned by Aperio Communications.
Most of the station's content can be found on the YouTube channel.
They launched as the pan-Nordic Canal+ Sport on 1 May 2004 when C More introduced themed channels for movies and sports.
The network also produced Mosaic: World News from the Middle East, a program of translated news reports from the Middle East.
These new programs have brought Intereconomía TV 1.2% of the television share in Spain in June 2010, a historical record of a new channel.
The station broadcasts their digital signal on UHF channel 43 from atop the IDS Center.
The service is aimed at women and the schedule reflects that.
DD Metro also known as DD 2 was Doordarshan's Hindi-language general entertainment channel.
Despite AdR's Category B licence, it was formerly a must-carry channel in the province of Quebec on digital basic cable.
WKRC broadcasts from a combined studio/transmitter facility on Highland Avenue in the Mount Auburn section of Cincinnati.
It broadcasts in digital on UHF channel 40, displaying channel 10 to tuners via PSIP.
WYJJ-LD is a low-powered television station that is licensed to and serving Jackson, Tennessee.
Anadolu University academic support programs are conducted in accordance with the strategic agreement.
TV3 is a television channel targeted at a Swedish language audience and owned by Viasat.
The station has its own studios on Lincoln Avenue in Yakima, though some support operations are handled at KFFX's facility in Kennewick.
K69IT was a low-powered television station affiliated with the Mexico-based Multimedios Television, owned and operated by Mintz Broadcasting.
Its headquarters are located at the Techno-city Corporate Tower in Karachi.
WakuWaku Japan is a Japanese general entertainment channel that broadcasts Japanese programs to overseas viewers in Asia.
The channel is a spin-off of Food Network, broadcasting programming related to food and cooking.
WABM, virtual channel 68, is a MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station licensed to Birmingham, Alabama, United States.
Mediacorp Channel 8 or Channel 8 is Singapore's first free-to-air Mandarin television channel in Singapore.
WMBF-TV is the NBC-affiliated television station for the Grand Strand and Pee Dee areas of South Carolina that is licensed to Myrtle Beach.
Xtraview was a British pay-per-view television channel run by Top Up TV.
Contrary to most indigenous channels, PRO Cinema aired a wide array of movies, ranging from Romanian and international classics to recent American blockbusters.
KHOU, virtual and VHF digital channel 11, is a CBS-affiliated television station licensed to Houston, Texas, United States.
The station is owned by the Tribune Broadcasting subsidiary of Tribune Media.
The station's signal is rebroadcast on a low-powered digital translator station, W46BR-D, in Moorefield, West Virginia.
KPTN later picked up the Home Shopping Network in 2003.
The station is owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group, and is sister to Fox affiliate WZTV and CW affiliate WNAB.
Home is an British interior home and garden-orientated lifestyle television channel broadcasting in the United Kingdom and Ireland, as part of the UKTV network of channels.
HBO Nederland offered three television channels, available in HD and SD, Video-on-demand services and HBO GO.
The three satellite stations clear all network and syndicated programming as provided through KFYR but air station identifications and commercial inserts.
The station was formally a partnership between NRN-11 Coffs Harbour and RTN-8 Lismore.
Kanal 5 is a Danish subscription television channel operated by SBS Discovery Media, a subsidiary of Discovery Communications.
It is available throughout Europe via Hot Bird 6, and in Italy via DVB-T.
Discovery Channel Hungary is a Hungarian television channel.
In 2006 News Corporation acquired 35% of the stock and began a major overhaul of the programming.
The station is owned by Liberman Broadcasting.
The French, Spanish and African versions of Boing also launched.
Channel 3 is operated by Grupo Televisión Litoral alongside two radio stations, Plus FM on 93.1 MHz FM and Radio 2 on 1230 kHz AM.
WYAM-LD Channel 51-2 broadcasts the Spanish language network Azteca America and Channel 51-3 broadcasts a simucast of sister Radio station WYAM Fiesta Mexicana 890 AM.
The channel targets children 0-5 years of age with the objective of preserving Hispanic cultural roots and language through entertaining and violence free programming, specifically animation.
The station can also be seen on Cox and CommuniComm Services channel 9.
WFXV is the FOX-affiliated television station for Central Upstate New York's Mohawk Valley.
Breakaway PPV was a Canadian English language regional pay-per-view television provider in Western Canada and the territories.
The network was owned by Star Television, before being purchased by the WIN Corporation on 5 October 1988.
The company was toying with the idea of a news channel for a long time.
The main Indonesian channel began airing on March 24, 2005 in Jakarta, it later became NET.
It had its origins in "Herz & Co", a channel dedicated to soap operas launched in 1996 with the DF1 satellite package.
It is owned by the Nine Entertainment Co., and is part of the Nine Network.
Its main broadcast facilities and the main transmitter are located at the GBPI Building, Campaner Street, Zamboanga City.
The channel remains the world's first bilingual wildlife service, available in English and Cantonese in the Hong Kong market as well as Tagalog in The Philippines.
Owned by Gray Television, it has studios on American Road in Lansing, while its transmitter is located in Onondaga.
CNews is a French digital channel launched on 4 November 1999.
Zone Fantasy was a television film channel in Italy that featured diverse programming.
On 9 June 2015, Sky Livingit was rebranded as Real Lives, moving to slot 172 on Sky.
The channel maintains its analog transmitter located at the RPN Compound, #97 Panay Avenue, Brgy.
But in 2017, OCS contract with HBO became stricter, giving the complete exclusivity to OCS.
For some part of later 2006, it had shown a repeated loop of a religious infomercial.
The infomercials which had moved from K31GL to KHPK moved yet again to KNAV.
NJTV is the successor to New Jersey Network, the state-controlled public television and radio service.
It was the first channel of its kind in the world.
It is owned by Telelatino Network Inc, a consortium majority owned by Corus Entertainment.
13th Street is an Australian television channel specialising in action and suspense programs.
The channel debuted on cable 47, before moving to cable 6 in 2000; 4FSU was moved to its current channel position in 2002.
Launched in 1990 as Tele 5, it was the fifth of the national terrestrial television channels and the second private channel in Spain.
KSLA maintains studio facilities located on Fairfield Avenue in central Shreveport, and its transmitter is located near Mooringsport.
Most programs on CCTV-E are 30 minutes long.
WQMY is the MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station for Northeastern Pennsylvania that is licensed to Williamsport.
It was mainly targeted at young people between 16 and 25 years.
This signal can be seen on VHF channel 7.2 from a transmitter atop Lookout Mountain, near Golden.
TVS is a first regional television channel profile infotainment.
Its content was about economics, culture, territory, politics, innovation and technology.
Only those videos which were commissioned by the Teachers TV service are available under the terms of the licence.
The station can also be seen on Time Warner Cable channel 13 and in high definition on digital channel 1206.
Fox Sports Oklahoma is available on cable providers throughout Oklahoma, and nationwide on satellite via DirecTV.
The channel broadcast a looped promotional video, presented by Craig Doyle, advertising Top Up TV's new Anytime service.
Nour TV is the first persian language sunni Islamic television channel.
The station is owned by the Entravision Communications Corporation, as part of a duopoly with UniMás affiliate KTFN.
The channel's operations were based at Eagle Road Studios in Redditch, near Birmingham.
On 25 October 2007, James Brown was hired as Sumo TV's creative and editorial director, Brown introduced a dozen new programmes.
France 3 Côte d'Azur was launched in 1964 as RTF Télé-Marseille.
To promote its 3D channel, Sky broadcast a documentary programme titled Flying Monsters 3D presented by prominent naturalist and broadcaster David Attenborough on Christmas Day 2010.
MétéoMédia primarily serves viewers in Quebec, although some cable TV systems in Ontario and New Brunswick carry the channel as well.
The corporation previously used the brand name Convocom from 1978 until October 13, 2004.
KTSM-TV, virtual 9 and UHF digital channel 16, is an NBC-affiliated television station located in El Paso, Texas, United States.
Headquarters of TV Alfa is located in the building of "Radon Plaza" hotel in Sarajevo.
It is the third Spike channel next to the US and UK version of the channel.
The KQTV callsign has been used by a TV station in St. Joseph, Missouri since 1969.
Televisione Cristiana in Italia, also known as TBNE, is a free-to-air Italian religious TV channel headquartered in Marnate, Italy.
antv is an Indonesian television network based in South Jakarta.
Star Majha was renamed as ABP Majha on 1 June 2012.
Transmitting from Cerro San Fernando, XHNSS is an independent local station.
Its studios are located in the Patton Broadcast Center on the UCM campus, while its transmitter is located in Syracuse, Missouri.
It is based in Glenwood, Alabama and was launched on April 23, 2008.
It mostly features original German language productions.
The channel is also available live at www.tv100.info
MBC Digital 4, also known as MBC 4, is a general Hindi language entertainment TV channel in Mauritius owned by the Mauritius Broadcasting Corporation.
Moffat tried to sell CHAB and CHRE to Western Broadcast Management Ltd., owner of CHAN-TV in Vancouver.
Until 2010, KDMD-DT3 operated as a separate station on analog UHF channel 38 under the calls KACN-LP.
The station is locally owned by Dominion Media, Inc. WWJS-CD maintains offices located on Potters Lane in Clarksville, and its transmitter is located in Floyds Knobs.
Shareholders include the Tokyo Metropolitan Government, Tokyo FM Broadcasting and others.
When the construction permit was approved, KCBU was to broadcast on digital channel 11.
The music used during the idents until February 2009 was "The Dress Looks Nice on You!"
The relationship includes a programming deal with Scripps which sees numerous American Food Network programs on the channel.
As of July 2015, The Weather Channel was received by approximately 89.7 million American households that subscribe to a pay television service.
My Channel is a British television channel which launched on 28 February 2006 as Eat Cinema, originally targeted at mainstream cinema audiences.
An international version of the channel was launched in the United States for the South Asian population.
Licensed to Corning, it broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 48 from a transmitter on Higman Hill in Corning.
Its format had similarities to those of Discovery Kids, Cartoon Network, and Nicktoons.
Zee Bangla Cinema is a Bengali movie channel which belongs to Zee Network which is a part of Essel Group.
Some of its hit series include popular comedies such as Sto Para Pente and Savatogenimmenes.
The network official speaker is voice actor Renato Novara.
The station is owned by the NBC Owned Television Stations subsidiary of NBCUniversal.
News Time also known as News Time Bangla is a 24-hour Bengali news channel launched in 2010.
WAWV-TV, virtual channel 38, is an ABC-affiliated television station located in Terre Haute, Indiana, United States.
Nove is an Italian general-entertainment channel owned by the Discovery Italia group.
K31FD-D is a low-power Class A television station in Boise, Idaho, broadcasting locally in digital on UHF channel 31.
With DuMont in its death throes, this proved to be the death knell for WKNA-TV.
It closed on 2 January 1976 due to lack of funds.
Over-the-air, WMDT-DT2 broadcasts a digital signal on UHF channel 47.2 from WMDT's transmitter in rural Wicomico County, Maryland northeast of Mardela Springs.
It was formerly a ShopHQ and Gospel Broadcasting Network affiliate.
The number of fans on the Channel’s official Facebook page surpassed One million followers in 2013.
It was launched in Spain as a programming block on AXN Spain in October 2007.
This was finally remedied on 31 March 2006, when terrestrial digital broadcasts started.
The station went off the air in October 2010.
K25HD-D operates as a digital station on UHF channel 25 and is owned by Richard D. Tatham of Lake Havasu City.
Following the acquisition of Astral Media by Bell Media, Disney XD was divested to DHX Media.
The signal mainly covers the southern portions of the Huntington-Charleston media market.
The channel is available on digital terrestrial television as well as cable and satellite.
The station carries selected programming from CTN & Youtoo TV and reaches as many as 48,000 households in the Pensacola area.
Most of the programming on the channel is in Hindi.
The program is mainly produced in Serbian language.
In August 2009, Pitch World temporarily ceased broadcasting after parent company Pitchwell Group went into liquidation.
CNN provides international coverage for the channel, while Indian Broadcasting Network concentrates on Indian and local reports.
MétéoMédia is the French-language component of the Canadian Category A weather information specialty channel and web site owned by Pelmorex.
TVP3 Wrocław is one of the regional branches of the TVP, Poland's public television broadcaster.
Morning & afternoon news bulletins are presented by Dragi Pavlevski or Biljana Debarlieva.
However India and Sri Lanka are currently using the Asian Feed.
Kunskapskanalen is a Swedish language television channel broadcasting educational and factual programming between 9 a.m. and 01 a.m. all days of the week.
Myx TV formerly known simply as Myx, is an American pay TV channel based in Redwood City, California.
FTV News is a digital television news channel operated by Formosa Television in Taiwan, launched on 11 June 1997.
In the Lexington Metro area, it can be viewed on Time Warner Cable channel 3.
Aimed mainly at children between 2 and 7 years of age, it replaced the Disney Cinemagic channel in 2012.
Prior to July 1, 2007, KAZO was affiliated with the Azteca America network.
The station is owned by the E. W. Scripps Company.
WZDC-CD, virtual and UHF digital channel 25, is a low-powered Telemundo-affiliated television station licensed to the American capital city of Washington, District of Columbia.
W40CN-D is a low-power Class A television station in Sugar Grove, Illinois, United States, owned by Waubonsee Community College, a community college serving the Aurora area.
NBC Sports California is available on cable and fiber optic television providers throughout northern California, and portions of Oregon and western Nevada.
Unlike most of the other music channels from MTV Networks around the world, MTV Czech usually plays music videos uncut and in full length.
Current CEO is Petr Dvořák from PPF group.
KUPB is a Spanish-language television station in the Midland/Odessa, Texas area owned by Entravision and affiliated with Univisión.
The station can also be seen on Charter channel 11 and in high definition on digital channel 781.
The station is owned by Gray Television of Atlanta, Georgia as part of a duopoly with MyNetworkTV affiliate KYES-TV.
Programmes included Birth Days, Maternity Ward and Babies: Special Delivery.
Canal180 is a Portuguese digital cable and open source TV channel entirely dedicated to culture, arts and creativity.
WTTA maintains studio facilities located on Bald Cypress Place in Tampa, and its transmitter in Riverview.
After nine years off air, TRL will be returning in October 2017.
It began broadcasting on 20 July 2007 on the Arabsat satellite, on the 11823MHz frequency.
Licensed to Springfield, it broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 21 from a transmitter on Ridge Road in Wilbraham.
MTV India is the Indian version of MTV, a channel specialising in music, reality, and youth culture programming.
Bionix was a late night anime program block that was broadcast on Friday nights on the Canadian television channel YTV.
Movies OK is a Hindi movie television channel broadcast in India.
KGBT is also available on channel 4 in both standard definition and high definition on DirecTV and Dish Network.
It then changed back to "True Entertainment" on 10 June 2009.
It provides news from a number areas of public interest.
CosmopolitanTV is a Canadian English language Category B specialty channel.
The network showed live college football and basketball games, primarily from Conference USA, the Sun Belt Conference, and the Southeastern Conference.
Animax was the Latin American version of Animax.
Its parent station has studios on Brewer Road/SR 210 in Presque Isle.
WHPR is not carried on any cable providers, but it is available nationwide through online streaming and on Roku.
ICTV cablecasts on Time Warner local educational access on channel 16 and channel 97-2.
It ceased starting 1 March 2017 due to general availability of these services on DVB-T2 and to free up radio specturm.
Match TV is a Russian public sports channel, which began broadcasting on November 1, 2015.
The aim of the channel is to telecast valuable religious and cultural programming in the three main languages of Sri Lanka, English, Sinhala and Tamil.
The channel was removed from the EPG on 3 January 2007.
In Europe CBS Reality replaced Zone Reality on 3 December 2012.
Its signal originates from a transmitter in East Eddington, Maine, and is seen on UHF channel 30.
The channel broadcasts general pop music in shows such as Chartbusters, which is recent music and Pop Domination, which is new and old music.
However, it renamed the low-powered TV station as KYUK-LP.
The two stations share a studio located on 14th Street in northwestern Atlanta; WGCL-TV's transmitter is located near North Druid Hills.
A 24-hour English-language network aimed at viewers in the Nordic countries and other European territories.
Doordarshan Kendra Madurai was inaugurated on 15 August 2005.
The channel runs an interactive red button service with Looking Local on Sky and Virgin.
TPBS operates Thai PBS, which was formerly known as iTV, TITV and TV Thai television station, respectively.
XHTRES-TDT is a full-power television station in Mexico City, Mexico, broadcasting in digital on UHF channel 27.
LRT Kultūra was launched on 16 February 2003 as 'LTV2', before changing to its current name on 28 July 2012.
AANlive, previously known as America’s Auction Network, was founded in April 2002 by modern-day treasure hunter Jeremiah Hartman.
The station was founded in 1994 by Kevin McKinnon and the non-profit group Christian Community Television(CCT).
digital channel 811 and Spectrum channel 908.
It has reported losses of US$1.62 million for the financial year ended December 31, 2017.
Yesterday is one of the UKTV network of television channels in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
MTV Pakistan brand was reverted to Indus Music in October 2011 due to the expiration of the franchise agreement with Viacom.
Azad TV News is an Hindi-language 24/7 News television channel.
MGTV was operated by a non-profit corporation funded by cable subscription fees.
The final video to play on MinX was from the group Girls Aloud.
WTBY is owned and operated by Trinity Broadcasting Network, and serves as TBN's owned and operated station in the New York City television market.
Its president, Zakir Naik, often calls it an "edutainment channel".
The contract was due to run until 2013, but the government invoked a six-month break clause.
KCPQ, channel 13, is a Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Tacoma, Washington, United States that serves the Seattle-Tacoma television market.
The then-WOBX-LP was affiliated with The Box and then MTV2 after The Box ceased operations in 2001.
Rotana Mousica is a free-to-air satellite TV channel and part of the Rotana Group network.
This station can also be seen on TELUS Optik TV channel 3.
News 24 is free-to-air channel in India.
The channel is available across all major cable and DTH platforms as well as online.
Kohavision began broadcasting in September 2000, shortly after the Kosovo War ended.
Canal+ Gol was a polish station speciality on football.
The company retains a focus on China in its news broadcasts, and frequently covers topics that are censored in Mainland China, such as human rights.
This was repeated from 3 July - 1 September 2017.
ABS-CBN Sports and Action, is a Filipino commercial broadcast television network based in Quezon City.
This station is an affiliate of HSN.
On the March 21, 2009 TRT Avaz replaced TRT Türk for Turkic countries.
With no gospel music programming available nationwide on any existing network, the Airy's decided to launch a channel and Gospel Music Network was born.
Jerry Falwell acquired NCN in 1986, renaming it to the Liberty Broadcasting Network and moving its headquarters to Chesapeake, Virginia.
OPB consists of five full-power television stations, dozens of VHF or UHF translators, and over 20 radio stations and frequencies.
The University of Washington subsidized the operation of ResearchChannel since its founding, without direct compensation from the ResearchChannel consortium.
Dangal TV is a Hindi & Bhojpuri entertainment channel that broadcast the programm of some popular channels like Zee TV, Sahara One, Colors & Sony TV.
Lava continued on Greatest Hits TV as overnight programming block, called Lava Showcase, between 3.00am and 8.00am, until the autumn 2012 widescreen relaunch of GHTV.
As of September 1, 2015, approximately 116 million households across Europe received Fashion 4K via SES S.A.'s Astra 19.2ºE satellite.
It belongs to the CTC Media, a Delaware-registered, Moscow-based NASDAQ-traded company with a market capitalization exceeding US$4 billion.
It broadcasts on UHF digital channel 30, but through the use of PSIP, over-the-air receivers display it as virtual channel 21.
The Soundtrack Channel is a 24-hour cable and satellite channel which features various film and television music.
The station belonged to company Polskie Media.
It was established as a joint Mongolian-Japanese venture on 18 March 1996, to be the first Mongolian cell phone service.
The station is owned by the Tribune Broadcasting subsidiary of the Tribune Media Company, as part of a duopoly with Eureka Springs-licensed MyNetworkTV affiliate KXNW.
It is also available on DirecTV and various U.S. cable operators along with fellow sister high definition version networks TLC, Animal Planet, and Science Channel.
Its main focus was on arthouse films and international productions.
The first broadcast was on 31 December 1989.
This television channel broadcasts a variety of programs such as news, talk shows, documentaries, sports, movies, mosaic, children's programs, etc.
The National Agency for the Management of Seized Assets has placed the building for sale on its website.
Astro Mustika HD is included in the network's Mustika Pack.
XEQ-TDT is a Televisa TV station, based in Mexico City.
The channel eventually became available on other digital platforms such as Sky Digital, and Virgin Media.
XHAB returned channel 7 to the air in Matamoros upon signing on in 1968; the channel had been occupied by XELD-TV in the early 1950s.
It returned for a second season of six episodes in 2009.
On January 20, 2015, KKFX began broadcasting over-the-air in high definition, and an HD feed is provided directly to cable and DirecTV.
It features entertainment news, interviews with the top stars, movie reviews, music and more.
Dolphin Group negotiated the deal for the channel to be sold to Subash Chandra's flagship Zee and TV Asia was renamed as Zee TV.
9x Jalwa has also a website named Spotboye.com.
Channel 21 - Government-access television - Government-related, City Council meetings
It was a television channel until 2009 but it has since relaunched online, replacing Channel 67.
The Horror Channel is available as a free-to-air service on Eutelsat 28A and, since Friday the 13th of March 2015, on Freeview channel 70.
It quickly gained popularity among viewers, who had only one option so far.
In 1998, GMA moved its regional station to Channel 7 as an owned-and-operated station until 2003.
Vodafone also carry the channel for their cable subscribers in Wellington and Christchurch.
The service offered 21 channels of high-definition video focused on niche audiences.
Centric is on DirecTV, Dish Network, Verizon FiOS, AT&T U-verse, Charter Spectrum and many other digital cable providers as part of the MTV Digital Suite.
It has expanded into family-friendly original movies, series, and specials.
WSJV, UHF digital channel 28, is a television station serving South Bend, Indiana, United States that is licensed to Elkhart.
Programming is available in standard definition and high definition formats.
NPO Nieuws also shows four extra programmes named NOS Journaal Chat, NOS Journaal Plus, NOS Journaal Reportages and NOS Journaal Weekoverzicht.
It was launched online on 29 August 2011.
As of 2011 it broadcasts entertainment, documentaries, fashion programmes, featured film news, listings, and sneak previews seven days a week.
World Football INSIDER is a primary source of news about preparations for the FIFA World Cups.
It provides public broadcasting and currently exists next to sister channels NPO 2 and NPO 3.
OUBS, Otaniemi Underground Broadcasting System was the student television station of the Aalto University Student Union.
The channel is a Hispanic American version from MTV.
CIHF-DT is the Global owned-and-operated television station, serving Nova Scotia that is licensed to Halifax.
As an IPTV service, Vision TV Network also allows two-way interactivity to enable functionality such as voting, commerce and targeted advertising.
Al Jazeera is owned by the government of Qatar.
WLCN-CD offers 24-hour religious programming, much of which is produced either locally or at the CTN home base in Clearwater.
The site's coverage spanned cinema, TV, radio, music, concerts, theatre, comedy, online, books and videos.
WFLD, virtual channel 32, is a Fox owned-and-operated television station located in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
WDMA-CD maintains office facilities located on Jeffersonville Road in northeastern Macon, and its transmitter is located between Hillcrest Industrial Boulevard and Bartlett Street in northwest Macon.
W32AR was a low power television station in Lexington, Ohio, broadcasting locally on channel 32 as an owned-and-operated satellite repeater for the Trinity Broadcasting Network.
It is currently a relay of the main Ion affiliate for the Washington area, WPXW-TV.
It's also the most-listened to radio station in this country.
The station was in operation from 1958 to 2002 as a private affiliate of CBC Television.
On cable, it is carried on Verizon FiOS and Comcast channel 5 as well as DirecTV channel 17.
K28HS is a low-power television station in Hagåtña, Guam.
Kiss TV celebrated the 20th anniversary of its launch in 2015.
Sportsnet World primarily airs top level association football, featuring exclusive coverage of the Premier League along with content from other leagues in Europe.
As of July 1st 2017, the network reaches approximately 40 million homes.
On 1 March 2011 ESPN2 launched in Australia both in standard and high definition formats.
It was launched on 4 March 2001.
As of February 2015, approximately 39.7 million households receive the channel.
Most teams compete as members of the Big Sky Conference, with the exceptions of men's hockey, women's hockey, and swimming.
Chief operating officer Randy Falco has been in charge of the company since the departure of Univision Communications president and CEO Joe Uva in April 2010.
Owned by the Simard family and their company, Télé Inter-Rives, it is sister to V affiliate CFTF-DT and TVA affiliate CIMT-DT.
KYAZ, virtual channel 51, is an Azteca América owned-and-operated television station serving Houston, Texas, United States that is licensed to Katy.
VTMKZOOM is a Belgian commercial television channel for youth.
The unique programming format allows viewers to see an average of 6.5 different shows per hour on a variety of diverse topics and themes.
Fox Football Channel was an Asian football-focused sports channel owned by 21st Century Fox through STAR TV and Fox International Channels.
This channel is a part of ARY Digital Network.
ESPN Philippines was a Philippine cable sports network owned by STAR TV and Fox International Channels in partnership with ESPN International.
The station is part of a group of television stations in Victoria that are owned by Saga, based out of KAVU-TV.
Avenues Television has always given priority to the voice of voiceless.
WETV-LP is a digital low power television station serving the Murfreesboro, Tennessee area.
It is available through cable or satellite television.
It was launched in 2013 by The Despite Group of Companies, headed by Dr.Osei Kwame Despite.
TV3 is a commercial free-to-air television channel operated within Ireland by the TV3 Group operated by Virgin Media Ireland and owned by Liberty Global.
One such program is Deadly Women, an investigative series in which former FBI agent and profiler Candice DeLong looks at female killers throughout history.
In 1990 Landscape provided Channel 4 with 200 hours of morning programming as The Art of Landscape.
The channel launched in the Netherlands in July 2011.
JN1 began broadcasting on 21 September 2011, and organisers called it the first global 24/7 Jewish news channel.
The all-music video channel was created by Ted Turner and launched in 1984, providing the first national competition to MTV.
The first broadcast was on 2 October 2008 and regular transmissions began on 10 December.
It became widely known for its anti-Mafia reportage.
It is owned and operated by ion Media Networks.
The channel also has a live stream of its broadcast on its website.
It mainly broadcasts in the Serbian language using the Cyrillic alphabet.
Sony Channel Asia is a cable and satellite TV channel, owned by Sony Pictures Entertainment in the Asia-Pacific.
True Sport channels are available exclusively on TrueVisions.
KELM-LP is a low-power television station located in Reno, Nevada, USA, broadcasting locally in analog on UHF channel 43.
Great Eastland Television was a network of affiliated country television stations servicing northern New South Wales and South East Queensland from 1975 to 1987.
Until July 1, 2006, this station could also be seen in Santa Barbara on KSBB-LP channel 17 but was switched to a repeater of KEYT-TV.
TV6 is a Polish television channel, which belonged to Polskie Media.
Alice is a thematic television channel, dedicated to cooking.
Following its purchase by Canal Group, the channel closed down on 7 October 2012 and relaunched as D8.
ATN Punjabi 5 is a Canadian exempt Category B Punjabi language specialty channel that is owned by Asian Television Network.
Its studios are located on Boulevard René-Lepage Est on Quebec Route 132 in Rimouski.
The company was founded by Nozomu Matsumoto in 1938 in Tokyo as a radio and speaker repair shop, and its current president is Susumu Kotani.
Swadesh News is an Hindi-language 24/7 News television channel, owned by Sri Sai Media Pvt.
Among the programming highlights are soap operas, music programs, documentaries on flora and fauna, history of the country and various information and opinion.
Glas broadcasts humanistic, creative, educative programs, based on high ethical principles.
WGWW, virtual channel 40, is a Heroes & Icons-affiliated television station serving Birmingham, Alabama, United States that is licensed to Anniston.
The station's signal is relayed on three low-power translators: K14JZ-D in Peetz, K49EX-D in Anton and K31IQ-D in Sterling.
The channel is expected to offer programmes from RTÉ One and Two, including education, drama, comedy, music, news and current affairs.
It is co-curated by Karan Johar and Alia Bhatt.
9XO is an Indian English music television channel, broadcast in India based in Mumbai.
All share studios on University Avenue on the Minneapolis and St. Paul city line.
Channel One News is an Hindi-language 24/7 News television channel, owned by Pal News Media Private Limited.
The channel has timeshared with many channels over the years.
On July 1st, 2011, coinciding with the first broadcasts of the Fox SD channels in widescreen, the channel was replaced by Fox Movies.
The channel's 24-hour-a-day broadcast includes Health Programs.
The station's transmitter is located near downtown Lake Havasu City.
It is a network TV station of ANN.
The station ceased its analog broadcasts on November 10, 2008.
Sky Show was a channel on satellite TV, owned by Sky Italia and broadcast on channel 116.
KWKT-TV, virtual and UHF digital channel 44, is a Fox-affiliated television station located in Waco, Texas, United States.
The station was owned by Equity Media Holdings of Little Rock, Arkansas.
KBNZ-LD is the CBS-affiliated television station for Central Oregon that is licensed to Bend.
RT Spanish is based in Moscow but has bureaus in Miami, Los Angeles, Madrid, Managua, Caracas, Havana and Buenos Aires.
The station's studios and master control system were located in Pembina, with Canadian sales and production facilities being located at 2031 Portage Avenue in Winnipeg.
The digital signal was licensed to South Bend on December 1, 2014.
Nickelodeon premiered in November 1998 in Malta as a 12/7 feed.
The station broadcast on UHF channel 26, with an application to flash-cut to digital broadcasting on the same channel.
IRIB TV3 is one of the 32 national television channels in Iran.
Its studios are located at the ABS-CBN Broadcasting Center, Lacson Street, Bacolod City and transmitter is located at Aquino Drive, Bacolod City.
La7 is an Italian private television channel owned by Cairo Communication.
It features no interruptions for advertising or programming promotions - when one show ends, the next one starts immediately.
On January 1, 2013, Disney Channel ceased its operations in Ukraine, with Disney Channel content being moved to a branded slot on the PLUSPLUS TV channel.
It was sponsored by Panasonic and available exclusively on DirecTV.
World Wrestling Entertainment announced it would provide 208 hours of programming to FX Latin America from 2005 to 2007.
The chosen name of "Hansard", refers to printed transcripts of parliamentary debates in the Westminster system government.
In 2000, the channel launched on ONdigital, using capacity from ONrequest 2, and broadcast 6am-12pm weekdays, and 6am-10am weekends, free to air on channel 44.
WEPX operates on UHF digital channel 26, and has operated since December 1998.
DD Metro was converted into a 24-hour TV news channel, into DD News, which launched on 3 November 2003.
Though The State News is supported by a student tax, the faculty and administration do not interfere in the paper's content.
In 2004, Sky News began broadcasting Sky News Active, its on-demand interactive TV news service.
WPMF-CD is a Class A television station affiliated with My Family TV in Miami, Florida, broadcasting on channel 38.
This station is also available on Bell TV channel 646.
Udaya TV is telecast in several nations, including India, Sri Lanka, Singapore, Malaysia, Canada and the United States.
The channel also airs movies from MGM, Paramount Pictures and Sony Pictures Entertainment.
The station is owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group, as part of a duopoly with MyNetworkTV affiliate WMYV.
Willow has operated an Internet portal for live streaming of cricket events at willow.tv since 2010 for a monthly subscription fee.
Eric Kearley, TVNZ's Digital Launch Manager, has stated there was no further plans for this channel until the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Greek Cinema is a Greek language film channel that airs the best classic and contemporary films from Greece.
It is available on Pay TV service, Foxtel and SVOD service, Stan.
In November 2011, AlaskaOne's corporate entity, Alaska Public Broadcasting Service, voted to transfer the network's operations from KUAC-TV to KAKM effective July 1, 2012.
The station is a Class-A operation, even though the station's official calls are still translator-style calls.
KCSM-TV, virtual channel 60, is a non-commercial independent television station serving the San Francisco Bay Area that is licensed to San Mateo, California, United States.
It simulcasts Who Wants to Be a Millionaire from WSYR weekday afternoons at 12:30 and airs The Dr. Oz Show weekday mornings at 9.
Its programming is mostly football-, tennis- and rugby union-related.
Music Box later found itself as part of Virgin Vision, one of Richard Branson's business ventures launched in 1983.
The two stations share studios at the CBC Ottawa Broadcast Centre on Sparks Street in Downtown Ottawa, alongside the main corporate offices of the CBC.
KKRR-LP, channel 45, is a low-power television station in Cheyenne, Wyoming.
At the beginning of the program starts with the repetition of the best fund of the BNT, the Bulgarian feature films and music programs.
It airs blockbuster Bollywood films from UTV's own library as well as other major movie studios in India.
They broadcast on UHF channel 35 in San Diego, as well as Time Warner Cable digital channel 1231 and Cox digital cable TV channel 135.
On May 2, 2010, Nickelodeon Israel started to use the new international logo.
Nickelodeon Latin America is divided into three feeds: North, Central and South.
Its license was canceled at TBN's request on May 21, 2010.
KIMT is the CBS-affiliated television station for North Central Iowa and Southeastern Minnesota.
The program of bTV Cinema includes hit films and TV series als of all genres.
Before the launch of The CW, WSJP was a dual affiliate of UPN and The WB.
It is the only KSNW satellite to be licensed outside Kansas and also outside the Wichita market, although it covers the general Oberlin/Colby/Goodland area as well.
The Montenegrin version of the channel is served by the Pan-European feed.
Channel 5 is a British commercial television network.
At first, the programming was similar to that of RCTI, using some of their news programs until they could produce their own.
Operates on VHF channel 4, in its headquarters city, Montes Claros / MG.
Powervision reach 100+ countries in Asia, Australia, Europe and America etc.
Seattle Community Access Network is one of the Public, educational, and government access cable tv channels in Seattle, Washington.
Optik TV, IPTV channel 121, channel 9121.
Swedish cable network Com Hem added the channel on November 15.
It is rebroadcast in Syracuse on WDSS-LD, a low-power translator station that broadcasts on UHF channel 38 from a transmitter in Onondaga.
ATN Times Now is a Canadian Category B English language specialty channel that is owned by Asian Television Network.
South Carolina Educational Television is a public television network serving the U.S. state of South Carolina.
The network was launched on September 21, 2010 and broadcasts cricket matches and several cricket-based programs and coverage from around the world.
It is jointly owned by WIN Corporation and Southern Cross Austereo, operating as Tasmanian Digital Television.
Music content includes exclusive interviews with Greece's top artists, concerts, behind the scenes footage and other special programming.
UCTV is a student television station run entirely by undergraduate students on the Storrs campus at the University of Connecticut's "Huskyvision" cable system.
Cebu Catholic Television Network is a broadcast television channel owned by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cebu and Fil-Products Group of Companies in the Philippines.
KHME, virtual channel 23, is an MeTV-affiliated television station licensed to Rapid City, South Dakota, United States.
With the full rebranding of Česká televize in September 2012, the channel name was changed to 'ČT Sport'.
Therefore, in order to expand the station's broadcasting radius, it is simulcasted in 720p high definition on WSTM-TV's second digital subchannel.
From November 10, 2008, Nick Jr. switches to Channel 603.
Subscribers have access to 1,540 episodes from 111 shows.
The Channel aims to please its young audiences but at the same time to keep the experience enjoyable and exciting for the whole family.
It started by broadcasting twice a week, Tuesday and Wednesday, in the afternoons on France 3.
Sun TV is a Tamil satellite television station.
The channel was created by Stan Lee.
Fox Sports News is available at the Fox Sports website free of charge.
The station shows their videos through their website and on YouTube, using YouTube's video player and a, Inqb8r flash player.
The station is owned by Independence Public Media of Philadelphia.
Broadcast films, TV series, documentaries, theatre shows, classical music concerts, news bulletin from TGCOM and short home shopping from Mediashopping all day.
Prior to the establishment of Outre-Mer 1ère, it also broadcast to the various French overseas territories.
WTTA, virtual channel 38, is a MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station serving Tampa, Florida, United States that is licensed to St. Petersburg.
KPLR-TV, virtual channel 11, is a CW-affiliated television station licensed to St. Louis, Missouri, United States.
Fox Sports International is a premium television service in the Netherlands, owned by Eredivisie Media & Marketing CV and launched on 17 August 2013.
On cable, the station is available on Time Warner Cable channel 11 and in high definition on digital channel 209.
WZTV, virtual channel 17, is a Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Nashville, Tennessee, United States.
Although KIIT broadcasts a digital signal, it is limited to the immediate North Platte area.
6'eren is distributed through terrestrial, satellite and cable and is available to approximately 75% of all Danish households.
MBC Max is a free-to-air movie channel that broadcasts non-stop Hollywood films 24/7 and it is an alternative to its sister channel MBC 2.
WFTV, virtual channel 9, is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Orlando, Florida, United States.
KIMG-LP signed off March 9, 2009 in the wake of Equity's bankruptcy.
XHABC has a satellite station in Ciudad Cuauhtémoc, Chihuahua, XHCTH-TDT, which broadcasts on channel 33 and uses virtual channel 28.
RT is a brand of "TV-Novosti", an "autonomous non-profit organization", founded by the Russian news agency, RIA Novosti, on 6 April 2005.
WLVT-TV, UHF digital channel 39, is a PBS member television station licensed to Allentown, Pennsylvania, United States.
KFYR-TV, channel 5, is the NBC-affiliated television station for Bismarck, North Dakota.
Historically, XEDK was considered one of the most important local television stations in western Mexico.
During its first seven months on air, the channel achieved a 0.5 percent share of viewing and reached 1.8 percent of the population each week.
Like other network affiliates in this vast and rural area, it operates a full-time full power satellite, WTOM-TV.
WLPD-CD is a Class A low-power television station in Plano, Illinois, United States, broadcasting locally on channel 30 as an affiliate of Youtoo TV.
On the Astra 19.2°E position, the channel switched satellite several times and was for a long time only available as a daytime service.
Mobicom introduced 3.5G networking in 2009, and provides HSPA.
It clears all network and syndicated programming as provided through its parent, though with some programming carried on KSAW at different times.
Lifetime is an Asian television channel owned by A+E Networks Asia, a joint-venture between A+E Networks and Astro Holdings Sdn Bhd.
KXAS-TV, virtual channel 5, is an NBC owned-and-operated television station serving the Dallas–Fort Worth Metroplex that is licensed to Fort Worth, Texas, United States.
CTV Two Atlantic is a Canadian English language cable television channel serving Atlantic Canada owned by Bell Media, with its studios located in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
For a short time on 2011, some of its programmes that were made in HDTV except live programmes and news were cropped into 14:9 aspect ratio.
The channel broadcasts almost all her series in English with French subtitles but she also broadcasts series dubbed in French or French series.
Its main affiliation is with the Cornerstone Television network.
Ada TV, is a television channel which broadcasts in both satellite and terrestrial in the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on VHF channel 7 from a transmitter along NY 126/State Street on Champion Hill.
broadcasting in digital Over The Air on UHF channel 21,.
The channel also introduced a news program called Agakkan, in which a specially able blind school student presents a news bulletin.
Community Channel 10 is an American leased Public access television station located in Clarksville, Tennessee, USA.
Antena 3 is also distributed in Serbia in the Romanian language-extra package of the DTH platform Digi TV.
The initials RKB stand for Radio Kyushu Broadcasting, the station's former name.
It is also considered to be the most viewed television channel in Europe.
In August 2012 the service replaced four regional part-time sports channels into a three-zoned statewide sports network that serves 83 of Ohio's 88 counties.
33 got the old frequency on its own, while K3 shared its multiplex slot with the 300 channel.
Sinclair also operates This TV/Comet affiliate WDSI-TV and CW/MyNetworkTV affiliate WFLI-TV.
Between November 2011 and January 2012, Movies4Men 2 and Movies4Men 2 +1 were also available on Freeview in Manchester.
The station is owned by American Spirit Media; Raycom Media, which owns CBS affiliate WTOL, operates WUPW under a shared services agreement.
It also developed a premium BabyFirst YouTube channel, and mobile apps.
The channel is exclusive to Sky's digital satellite platform, as well as Sky Go, Now TV, and Sky Store.
Fox Soccer Plus, a spin-off channel which launched in 2010, will continue to operate.
KMBD-LD is a low-powered Bounce TV-affiliated digital television station that is licensed to and serving Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The station broadcast at 15 kW on Channel 44.
Reliance Broadcast Network is a subsidiary of the Indian Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group.
Owned by Legacy Broadcasting, the station's offices were located on East Broadway Avenue in Bismarck.
Owned by Raycom Media, WECT also operates Fox affiliate WSFX-TV through a shared services agreement with owner American Spirit Media.
KFVS had previously served the Jonesboro, Arkansas media market as the default CBS station on satellite providers.
Discovery Home & Health is a television channel.
The station is part of The CW Plus.
The Portuguese government considered the decision to be "unacceptable" and an "attack on freedom of expression, while Reporters Without Borders condemned that same decision.
The channel also has hours dedicated to a particular artist or band such as Pussycat Dolls: Ultimate 10.
KYLE-TV, virtual and UHF digital channel 28, is a MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station located in Bryan, Texas, United States.
Owned by Hearst Television, the station can also be found on Comcast Xfinity channel 4, Cable ONE channel 12 and Vicksburg Video channel 9.
It is owned and operated by Victory Television Network, Inc., which holds the licenses for all of the VTN stations.
WHOI is a television station licensed for Peoria, Illinois.
XHBJ-TDT channel 45 is a television station in Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico.
It features programming around subjects such as nature, science, culture and history documentaries plus some reality and pseudo-scientific entertainment programming.
XHTPZ-TDT is the television call sign for a Televisa television station in Tampico, Tamaulipas, Mexico broadcasting a digital signal in channel 39.
The two outlets share studios on Glenburnie Drive in New Bern; WFXI's transmitter in located near Davis, North Carolina.
It launched on 30 October 2002 as UK History and relaunched in its current format on 2 March 2009.
KWHY-TV, virtual channel 22 and UHF digital channel 42, is a Spanish independent television station located in Los Angeles, California, United States.
Spacetoon specializes in broadcasting songs and chants, which are special cartoons from the Zuhra dubbing centre.
It currently airs programming from Son Life Broadcasting Network.
FX is an Australian subscription television channel which focuses on male-skewed television shows.
KNVV was owned by California-based Entravision Communications.
Zee Gujarati is an Indian television channel which launched, 2001.
Owned by Marshall Broadcasting, KLJB is operated under a shared services agreement by Nexstar Media Group, owners of CBS affiliate WHBF-TV and CW affiliate KGCW.
Disney then bought UTV in 2011 thus reuniting UTV and Hungama TV under same ownership of Disney.
On 21 April 2006 weather forecaster Michael Fish appeared on The Daily Quiz!, and was the only celebrity guest ever featured on the show.
These were pilots for the TV station which was launched as The Wrestling Channel and later became The Fight Network.
Nickelodeon Estonia was a block on the Estonian channel TV1.
This station can also be seen on Câblevision du Nord de Québec channel 10 and digital channel 120.
The channel appeared after an agreement between TVI and MEO and it has an exclusivity contract with that platform.
It was meant to provoke reflection not distraction.
Hustler TV offers hardcore pornography aimed at a straight male audience.
Doordarshan Kendra Coimbatore was inaugurated on 14 April 1975.
KIMG-LD is a digital low-power television station in Ventura, California, broadcasting locally on channel 19.
WSEE-DT2 is the CW-affiliated television station for Pennsylvania's Northwestern Region.
WHSG-TV is a Trinity Broadcasting Network owned-and-operated station in Atlanta, Georgia television station on digital channel 44.
The programming consists of opera, ballet, and concertos.
Disney Junior launched as a block on Disney Channel Greece on June 1, 2011 replacing Playhouse Disney.
Nebraska Educational Telecommunications is a state network of public radio and television stations in the U.S. state of Nebraska and is based in Lincoln.
City 7 TV is the U.A.E.’s first English language television channel producing various local programmes spread throughout the viewing day.
WCBZ went silent on October 20, 2010.
This broadcast from a transmitter south of Perinton's Egypt hamlet along the Monroe and Ontario County line.
A digital repeater of the main channel in Bridgewater, W41DT-D channel 41, offers this third subchannel as well.
On 1 March 2011 ESPN2 launched in Australia both in standard and high definition formats.
WIPB, virtual channel 49, is a PBS member television station located in Muncie, Indiana, United States.
It is focusing its operations in rural areas.
HBO Europe has the following channel brands:
All content on DR HD were in HD quality; no upscaled standard definition programmes were broadcast.
The station's studios are located in 53B, Circular Road, San Fernando, Trinidad and Tobago.
The channel is based in Dubai and is regarded as a competitor to Al Jazeera.
DYTM-TV, channel 2, is a television station of Philippine television network Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation.
The station is owned by Cordillera Communications, and is a sister station to low-powered CBS affiliate KXLH-LD.
In 2014, HBO had an adjusted operating income of US$1.79 billion, compared to the US$1.68 billion it accrued in 2013.
The station's only active channel uses an SDTV screen resolution of 480i.
It has got broadcast NOC license from government of People’s Republic of Bangladesh.
The MTA computers pioneered several technologies, presumably to be used in future Cray Inc. products:
Aurora is available to all digital subscription TV subscribers on the basic tier.
The first show introduced From the Archives, a compilation series of five decades of classic New Zealand TV shows.
DYAF-TV, channel 10, is an owned-and-operated station of Philippine television network ABS-CBN Corporation.
Astro Bella is a television channel by the Malaysian satellite provider Astro.
The station is locally owned by Register Communications, owners of independent station WPGA-TV and Perry-licensed radio stations WPGA and WNEX-FM.
Also unlike the other main channels, it wasn't available on analogue terrestrial, having to rely on satellite and cable television for its distribution.
It is fully funded by the Government of Western Australia and is managed and operated by the Department of Regional Development.
York Student Television is England’s oldest student television station.
It reaches some 500,000 households in west-central and central Pennsylvania and southern New York, as well as a few households in western Pennsylvania.
City 7 TV is a free-to-air channel and is available on Nilesat 101, channel 1 on Showtime, channel 89 on all E-vision packages and Du IPTV.
KLAF-LD, channel 46 is an NBC-affiliated low-powered television station located in Lafayette, Louisiana.
Brazilian Channel Globo is available with an extra subscription.
In The UK, The Wendy Williams Show remains the most watched show on the channel.
KDOR-TV, virtual and UHF digital channel 17, is a TBN owned-and-operated television station serving Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States that is licensed to Bartlesville.
Their headquarters are located in Matsuyama, Ehime Prefecture.
Euronews is a multilingual news media service, headquartered in Lyon, France.
The channel is available throughout Cox's Oklahoma City and Tulsa-area cable television systems.
KHSV, virtual channel 21, is a television station located in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States.
It is currently the most watched television channel in the United Kingdom, ahead of its traditional rival for ratings leadership, ITV.
Brigada News TV is the flagship commercial television station of Brigada Mass Media Corporation.
Founded April 14, 1994, the station is owned by Daystar Television Network.
WLCU-CA is a low-powered religious broadcasting television station in Campbellsville, Kentucky, broadcasting locally on UHF channel 23.
NPO Best presents highlights of more than sixty years of Dutch television history.
The station's signal is relayed in Upper Michigan on digital translator W40AN-D, licensed to Escanaba, Michigan and transmitting from a tower in Wells Township.
Sony Entertainment Television or SET, is a Hindi-language based general entertainment television channel in the Indian subcontinent.
The two stations share studios located in Washington, and WMDO's transmitter is located in the Tenleytown section of Washington's northwest quadrant.
The station is owned by North Texas Public Broadcasting, Inc., and is a sister to NPR member station KERA and adult album alternative station KKXT.
The name Vîn in Kurdish means Love.
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 28 from a transmitter near Congerville, a village of Montgomery Township, Illinois.
KTTZ-TV, virtual channel 5, is a Public Broadcasting Service member Public television station for Lubbock, Texas.
On 2 April 2013, all Box Television channels went free-to-air on satellite, apart from 4Music which went free-to-view.
Owned by Raycom Media, the station's studios are located in the West Ashley section of Charleston.
On 1 March 2010, MTV R was rebranded to MTV Shows.
The station was acquired by Mission Broadcasting after they bought KCIT and KCPN-LP from Wicks Broadcast Group in 1999.
On September 3, 2012, the channel launched a dedicated feed for Brazil.
It is one of 19 initial local TV stations awarded licences by the government.
Discovery Kids was a Canadian English language category 2 digital cable specialty channel owned by Corus Entertainment and Discovery Communications.
Petitti served as MLB Network's president until December 2014 when he was appointed as Chief Operating Officer of Major League Baseball.
EBS 1TV — EBS' main terrestrial channel for premium documentaries, preschool and youth program.
Additionally, WOTM broadcasts local high school football games and University of Alabama football games on a tape delay basis.
ATV was owned by Çalık Holding's Turkuvaz Media Group, but in 2013, the ownership changed again to Kalyon Group.
KWSU is also carried on Comcast systems in the Spokane area as a PEG channel.
KFVS-TV is the CBS-affiliated television station for Southeastern Missouri, the Purchase area of Western Kentucky, and Southern Illinois.
DNA replication may proceed from this point bidirectionally or unidirectionally.
Express Entertainment and sister station Express News are part of Express Media Group.
The station is part of the Evening Post's Montana Television Network, a network of Montana CBS stations.
Its parent outlet has studios on East Water Street in downtown Elmira.
In October 2015, Sport-1 was acquired by Gazprom-Media and subsequently re-branded as Match!
On 10 March 2014 the channel changed its name into NPO Best
One programing in the late 1990s air an live call in psychic hotline nightly from WNYX-LD in New York City.
The state network is available via flagship station WHA-TV in Madison and five full-power satellite stations throughout most of Wisconsin.
K45IE-D is a low-power television station in Vail, Colorado, broadcasting locally in digital on UHF channel 45 as an affiliate of Outside Television.
KTCJ-LD channel 50 is a digital low-power television station in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The station broadcasts programs in various ethnic languages as well as programming from Shop LC during the late-night hours.
There is a high definition feed offered on Comcast Xfinity digital channel 240.
Initially it broadcast between 07:00 and 23:00.
The network maintains main studios and offices headquartered with sister network NBC Sports Bay Area in San Francisco, California.
Ofra Harnoy - Vivaldi: Cello Concertos Volume 2
The NDR-branded areas generally broadcast a shorter news bulletin at 18:00 and a half-hour bulletin at 19:30.
TV 2/Fyn use the afternoon, early evening and nightly slots for regional news.
WJDP-LD was a low-powered digital television station licensed to Pigeon Forge, Tennessee, and mainly served the Sevier County area.
RTÉ is funded partly by the licence fee; the remainder of the funding is provided by commercial advertising.
Apart from its own digital transmission, a standard definition digital signal can be found on the KCOY-DT2 digital sub-channel.
KBCB is a television station in Bellingham, Washington, which airs on digital UHF channel 19, though through PSIP the station appears as 24.1, 24.2, and 24.3.
The Australian government agency, the Australian Communications and Media Authority decided not to renew the license to broadcast beyond the end of April.
One is available on satellite in Europe and in Germany cable and on digital terrestrial television.
DXVC-TV, channel 7, is a relay television station of Philippine television network People's Television Network.
The station also has a rebroadcaster on channel 27 in Lansing, which uses the callsign WLNM-LD.
The station has also aired programming from National Lampoon Networks, Zilo, and other universities.
In May 2014, Reliance Industries announced it would be taking over Network18.
Disney XD is a Dutch digital and satellite television channel owned by The Walt Disney Company.
The company’s website provides further information about their programming and as well as a list of members of its Medical Advisory Board.
The FCC licensed channel 11 to St. Anthony TV Corporation in 1958, and the station was intended to be an ABC affiliate.
BBC Choice Northern Ireland was the national variation for BBC Northern Ireland of the BBC Choice service, that was broadcast by the BBC.
The station is owned by Venture Technologies Group, and is an AMGTV affiliate.
Style 360 is part of the Hum Network Limited and is a sister channel of Hum TV and the cooking channel Hum Masala.
It moved to channel 34 in 1998 and the call letters were rechristened as translator W34CK.
Skai TV is a television network based in Piraeus, Greece.
The channel aired on December 14, 2008 on channel 12 - as part of the latest television shows' channels re-brand by yes.
Reliance Industries already has indirect control in the TV18 network by virtue of investments it made in Network18.
It airs various comedy programs including light hearted family shows, silent comedies and dramedies.
S2 was a television station broadcast throughout the Scottish and Grampian ITV regions by SMG plc, the holder of the Scottish and Grampian region ITV franchises.
The channel was previously also available on free-to-air digital television in Sydney on the Digital Forty Four service.
KJKZ-LP is a low-power television station broadcasting on Channel 27 in Fresno, California.
In the Netherlands and Flanders, it is offered with a Dutch soundtrack as well.
On 1 August 2012 Chellomedia revealed that all European versions of the Zone Channels would be rebranded into CBS Channels.
WNAC-TV, channel 7, was a television station located in Boston, Massachusetts, United States.
The station is owned by DTV America Corporation, therefore it is a sister station of KNKC-LD in Lubbock in the neighboring Lubbock television market.
Cham TV also known as Sham TV is the first private satellite channel in Syria owned by businessman Mohamed Akram Aljundi.
Broadcasting on analog channel 22, XHARJ was branded as TV Alteña and offered a schedule featuring several local programs including news.
Prime Media Group head office/administration is located in Pyrmont, Sydney.
KXTQ-CD is the Telemundo affiliate for Lubbock, Texas.
This was repeated on 1 November until 27 December 2016.
In cooperation with T-Mobile Czech Republic, Z1 provides daily news SMS and MMS updates to subscribers.
KUSI maintains studio facilities on Viewridge Avenue in the Kearny Mesa section of San Diego, and its transmitter is located southeast of Spring Valley.
The station can also be seen on Time Warner Cable channel 20.
A decoder is required in order to receive the services as well as a monthly fee.
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 41 from a transmitter, northeast of Homer, along the Vermilion-Champaign County line.
WJET-TV is the ABC-affiliated television station for Pennsylvania's Northwest Region.
Paris Première is a French TV channel, available on cable, satellite and the digital terrestrial service, Télévision Numérique Terrestre.
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 32 from a transmitter on Carters Mountain south of Charlottesville.
Hum TV is a 24-hour entertainment TV channel based in Karachi, Pakistan.
CFKL-TV was a television station based in Schefferville, Quebec, Canada.
It covers mostly Kirkuk Province and other areas inhabited by Iraqi Turkmen.
Its transmission started on January 18, 2008 with the pilot episode of Gossip Girl.
WXXV-DT2 is the NBC-affiliated television station for the Mississippi Gulf Coast.
Movies are broadcast in the 16:9 widescreen format with both German and original audio, when available.
LAB HD was a three-year experiment by Voom HD Networks.
KDMI is owned by Tri-State Christian Television.
The Studio and Business office is in Decatur, Alabama.
It covers the entire Western Visayas, Negros Island Region, Romblon and parts of Cebu.
can be seen on UHF channel 51.6 from a transmitter in rural northeastern Floyd County, Indiana.
KTJA-LP was an Azteca América-affiliate television station, owned and operated by Una Vez Más Holdings, LLC of Dallas, Texas and operating on UHF channel 51.
Owned by Nexstar Media Group, WSAV has studios on East Victory Drive/U.S.
The channel is available on many platforms and is part of a network of channels owned by Box Television, which include 4Music, Kerrang!
The company's income is now evenly shared between advertising and subscription fees.
It was launched in Damascus since 2005.
TheCoolTV is an online internet only streaming website, and formally a digital broadcast television network that is owned by Cool Music Network, LLC of Lawrence, Kansas.
See Sci Fi Channel for a list of other Sci Fi channels.
Viasat Ticket 2-10 was closed down in 2006 and Viasat Ticket 1 or Just Viasat Ticket was still available to 2009.
UTV Movies broadcast Bollywood films from various genres from the UTV library and other studios.
On May 15, 1996, KMMA signed on as K18FF, and the station was later granted class A status in 2003.
Teletoon+ is a Polish television channel owned and operated by Canal+ Group available on their Cyfra+ platform.
The network was launched by the Rainbow Media subsidiary of Cablevision.
Ratings proved to be very high, as programs like Aahista Aahista and Zindagi Gulzar Hai reaching new heights of ratings over 100,000 GRP'S.
A high-definition version of the channel launched on 26 March 2013, replacing BBC HD.
In 1994, he sold the station to Metrovision, a startup cable company, who changed the call sign to WMVT-LP the next year.
Founded on December 9, 2004 and owned by Venture Technologies Group, LLC, it broadcasts on VHF channel 6.
In October 2010, Rainey Radio filed a Request for Silent STA with the Federal Communications Commission, citing technical and financial problems.
K17FA-D is a low-powered station in Willmar, Minnesota affiliated with Ion.
A BET channel, it originally launched as BET on Jazz, showcasing jazz music-related programming, especially that of black jazz musicians.
K43FO-D is a low-power Class A television station in Las Vegas, Nevada, broadcasting locally in digital on UHF channel 43 as an affiliate of 3ABN.
Launched on October 6, 1998, the channel is based in Cairo, Egypt, and is partly owned by the Egyptian television.
The channel started out by operating every weekday from 9:00am to 3:30pm; broadcasting proceedings of the California Senate, Assembly and their various committees.
WGFL is the CBS-affiliated television station for North Central Florida licensed to High Springs.
On November 20, 2013, Gray Television announced it would purchase Hoak Media and Parker Broadcasting in a $335 million deal.
SUCH TV had started broadcasting on 23 March 2010.
The block launched on October 1, 2012, and ended in the early morning hours of September 28, 2015.
Mousica's slogan in Arabic كونوا على الموعد means "Don't miss it".
KSNG, virtual and VHF digital channel 11, is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Garden City, Kansas, United States.
In May 2009, the sale of the station to Word of God Fellowship, which runs the Daystar, was announced.
The channel launched in the United Kingdom on 28 August 2015, in partnership with BT TV and branded AMC from BT.
BeritaSatu is an Indonesian talk channel that was established in early 1998 by PT Jaring Data Interaktif.
Today it has more than 230 affiliates, including 13 owned-and-operated stations.
Over-the-air, it broadcasts a enhanced definition digital signal on UHF channel 40.2.
The station is owned by the CBS Television Stations subsidiary of CBS Corporation, and is part of a duopoly with CW owned-and-operated station KBCW.
It also offers select titles to OTT platforms iflix, HOOQ, LeEco and Tribe.
In February 2006, an additional channel called Reality Extra was launched.
The channel broadcasts in the languages of Kurmanji and Kirmanjki.
The new channel shows programs related to speed and all motor vehicles, including aviation documentaries.
The channel is available on cable providers throughout Central Indiana, and is also available nationwide on DirecTV.
To step up the accessibility of its content to viewers RTR Planeta has eagerly embraced new technologies launching in various IPTV, ADSL and other advanced networks.
The station's license was cancelled by the Federal Communications Commission on March 12, 2014 for failure to file an application for renewal.
In December, 2013, the Outdoor Channel was planned to relocate to Colorado from its current location of Temecula, California, supported by Colorado Economic Development Commission.
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 30 from a transmitter on Thigpen Road in Raymond.
Its programming is aimed towards a male audience.
This charge was made even if the caller was not put through to the studio.
It is distributed globally, reaching over 310 million homes worldwide.
Originally applied for in early 1981, it was assigned W63BB on channel 63 in mid-1987.
WDAM-DT2 is the ABC-affiliated television station for Southeastern Mississippi's Pine Belt.
It is the successor to the defunct second program of the national television - Efir 2.
Boom Sport Two is a Romanian sports channel which is available only via Direct To Home platform Boom TV.
bTV is broadcast terrestrially in Bulgaria and by satellite in other parts of Europe.
KCBD is an NBC-affiliated television station serving the Lubbock, Texas metropolitan area.
The station is owned by Griffin Communications, as part of a duopoly with CBS affiliate KOTV-DT.
As of late 2014, The Australian Christian Channel can also be viewed free-to-air Australia-wide on the Optus D2 satellite, alongside several other international Christian channels.
The station broadcast locally on channel 39 as an affiliate of TBN.
WBRC, virtual channel 6, is a Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Birmingham, Alabama, United States.
The station also operates a semi-satellite in Lethbridge, broadcasting on VHF channel 13.
TV2/Nord is one of TV 2's eight regional services.
The call letters "RET" stood for "Richardson Educational Television".
In 2006, the International Astronomical Union officially adopted a resolution defining planets within the Solar System.
WOHZ-CD was founded in 1989 as W50BE, but gained the call-sign of WOHZ-LP in late 1995, before being upgraded to a Class A station as WOHZ-CA.
All channels of TMF Nederland were on December 31, 2011 stopped.
SVT Barnkanalen is a channel from Sveriges Television dedicated to children's programming.
Toonami is a 24-hour channel in India and a former block on India's first kids channel, Cartoon Network.
Licensed to Savannah, it broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 22 from a transmitter in unincorporated Western Chatham County, Georgia.
Therefore, the station is branded as FOX21 Delmarva.
The Scandinavian version of Toon Disney, and its sister channel Jetix, were replaced by Disney XD on September 11, 2009.
As of 2012, WBMS still operated as a simulcast of WXMS.
February 2010 in India as Discovery HD World India.
It broadcasts on channel 23 and is owned by Commonwealth Public Broadcasting Corporation.
Sky Link TV is the first 24/7 Chinese satellite TV station in the United States.
Also offered solely on Cablevision systems was interactive television components such as quizzes, polls, voting, and advertising opportunities for national and local wedding retailers.
In addition, the channel also shows programmes in other Indian languages, such as English,Hindi,Tamil,Telghu, etc.
WAGM-DT2 can also be seen on Time Warner Cable channel 4 and in high definition on digital channel 1209.
CKMI's studios are located inside the Dominion Square Building in Downtown Montreal, and its transmitter is located atop Mount Royal.
Cloud, but also add reception in the northwest suburbs of the Twin Cities.
W is a British general entertainment channel broadcasting in the United Kingdom and Ireland, as part of the UKTV network.
Kawish Television Network News is an online Sindhi News TV channel from Pakistan.
Canlandog, Murcia, Negros Occidental and the studios from TV-13 are located at the corner of Rizal and Lacson Streets, Bacolod City.
It broadcasts with a digital signal on UHF channel 24.
It became WAOH-LP on August 21, 1995, and WAOH-CD on December 30, 2014.
Aftonbladet sold the channel in late 2007.
The station is owned by Sorensen Media Group, and is a sister station to ABC affiliate KTGM.
Owned by Bahakel Communications, WBBJ has studios on Muse Street in Jackson.
On 22 June 2012, Mushroom TV entered liquidation.
SBS CNBC is a 24-hour business news channel in South Korea.
In addition, ITN Productions co-produces celebrity documentary series Real Stories with Box Television.
KTVU, channel 2, is an owned-and-operated television station of the Fox Broadcasting Company, licensed to Oakland, California, United States and serving the San Francisco Bay Area.
WHVL-LP is the MyNetworkTV affiliate for the Allegheny area of Pennsylvania.
It was owned by Varsity Media Group, Inc.
The decision was taken because the business is no longer seen as economically viable as a result of increased competition.
DXER-TV, channel 12, is a television station of Philippine television network TV5.
Because RTÉ is funded partly by the licence fee it shows considerably fewer advertisements than most other channels available in Ireland and Northern Ireland.
It eventually moved to transponder 53 to broadcast 24 hours a day.
On January 1, 2016, and after one year off the air, WSJX-LP resumes broadcasting and becomes an affiliate of the LATV network.
It was owned by Premier Media Group, a 50/50 joint venture of Publishing and Broadcasting Limited and News Corporation.
On March 10, 2011, its license was cancelled by the FCC, and its call sign was deleted from the FCC's database.
Macalana, Barlig, Mountain Province and the transmitter is located at Mt.
The channel launched on 1 November 1997 and relaunched in its current format on 7 October 2008.
TV New is an Indian television channel broadcasting in Malayalam, a brain child of Kerala Chamber of Commerce and Industry .
WXYZ-TV, virtual channel 7, is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Detroit, Michigan, United States.
It currently airs in Santiago on VHF channel 2.
It only broadcasts at daytime between 6 AM and 6:55 PM.
It features programming in areas such as design, health, well-being, travel, pets, fashion, automotive, antiques, gardening, fitness, art and homemaking.
The station suffered financial trouble and by October 23, 1973, the station and St. Anthony TV Corp declared bankruptcy.
The channel began its initial broadcast on October 27, 2007, and was launched on November 17, 2007.
It is an independent station with some programming from The Cowboy Channel.
The whole sale was completed on June 13.
WGCB's transmitter is located near PA 74 northeast of Red Lion.
All Primeira Liga games are shown exclusively on SportTV, with the exception of Benfica home games which are broadcast by BTV.
XHTPG signed on in digital in 2015.
J2 was a New Zealand jukebox television channel that featured music targeted at an older audience.
KOHD is the ABC affiliated television station for Central Oregon that is licensed to Bend.
It was first set up in November 2002 by two South London-based businessmen on a marketing budget of £2,500, with no previous TV experience.
It is a localized version of the U.S. financial news channel Bloomberg Television, but features opt-outs for additional programs covering Canadian business news.
On Shaw Direct, the channel is available on 317 or 016, and in high definition on channel 016 or 515.
[1] KMOL-LP has operated since the mid-2000s.
The majority of its programs are produced and developed by ABS-CBN News.
The picture format of the STVS television network is 480i.
Owned by Heartland Media, KEZI produces more than 24 hours of newscasts a week.
Launched in the year 2006, it is owned by Zee Media Corporation Ltd. a subsidiary of Essel Group.
Till date they have various segments such as Back-to-back episodes, Instant Premieres, Live binge, Infinity-On-Demand and Original shows.
WTVF-DT2 can also be seen worldwide via its internet web stream during its broadcasts of its local programming.
There are also programmes offering tourism advice and showcasing new Chinese artists.
The transmitter is located near SR 87, north of Navarre, Florida.
There is a high definition feed offered on Cox digital channel 1009.
Its studio and transmitter is located at Barangay Maharlika East, Tagaytay, Cavite.
The channel is a free-to-air and launched on 26 January 2006.
KNDO, virtual channel 23, is the NBC-affiliated television station serving the Yakima, Washington area.
KTVT, virtual channel 11, is a CBS owned-and-operated television station serving the Dallas–Fort Worth Metroplex that is licensed to Fort Worth, Texas, United States.
All News Channel's programming was also syndicated to television stations across the United States.
KFXV-LD channel 67 is a low-powered Fox-affiliated station in McAllen, Texas, owned by Entravision Communications.
Dhamaal Tv is a Hindi language television channel based in India, owned by Sri Adhikari Brothers.
"WNFM" was the MyNetworkTV-affiliated cable channel for Southwest Florida using a fictional call sign.
In 1998, the channel became available on the analogue Viasat platform where it was broadcasting 24 hours per day.
The founder and president of Peace TV is Zakir Naik, a Islamic preacher from Mumbai, India.
The stations along with sister NBC affiliate KVLY-TV in Fargo often share news stories.
On April 4, 2013, WREX added MeTV, on digital subchannel 13.3, that shows classic television shows.
It shared the name with CCTV's English language documentary channel until 31 December 2016, when the latter was renamed CGTN Documentary.
The station brands itself as either WOST 22 or WOST 22 AccuWeather Channel.
For the similarly named and themed network in the United States, see GOL TV.
The station's signal travels in about a 45-mile radius from the transmitter site, though this is variable since it uses a directional antenna.
On cable, WTWO is available on Time Warner Cable channel 7 in standard definition and in high definition on digital channel 707.
The station originally broadcast on channel 49, but would move to channel 25 in the late-1990s.
The station is owned by Daystar and not carried on local cable systems.
It also operated a low-power television station on digital channel 29.
WFSU-TV is seen on digital channel 32 in Tallahassee and serves the Big Bend region of Florida and southwestern Georgia with the full PBS line-up.
On 9 September 2012, Life OK's mythological drama Devon Ke Dev...Mahadev recorded an 8.2 TVR, its highest TRP of 167.
More than 70% of channel's programs are documentaries, news or educational programmes.
Televicentro is a nationwide terrestrial television channel from Nicaragua owned by Televicentro de Nicaragua, S.A.
ICTV Shorts can now be found under Original Series.
WTCN-CA is the Class A, MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station for the Gold and Treasure Coasts of South Florida.
Over-the-air, the station airs a standard definition digital signal on UHF channel 18.2 from a transmitter on Hawley Hill in Big Flats.
News Nation Assam test signal will start in October 2016 and will on air from 1 Jan 2017.
There were no interested buyers, however, so Storer took the station off the air on September 13 of the same year.
قناة الرجل المتميز DMTV was an Arabic TV channel located in Dubai Media City in the United Arab Emirates.
The station is a full-time repeater of 3ABN programming, with local programming appearing only on rare occasions.
Its license was canceled on December 19, 2011, for remaining silent over a year.
The idea is that African news is better depicted from an African perspective.
TNT Comedy is currently available via cable, statllite and IPTV.
KNEE-LD channel 10 is a low-powered digital television station based in Malaga, Washington, United States, owned by Apple Valley TV Association.
Travel + Escape is a Canadian English language Category A television channel owned by Blue Ant Media.
The production team and studios can be found at Prospect House, Rouen Road in Norwich at Archant's headquarters.
Discovery Health returned as a new cable channel on February 1, 2011, as a result of a merger with FitTV to create Discovery Fit & Health.
The station signed on in analog and converted to digital on physical channel 16, effective December 22, 2015.
The company – originally known as Radio Atlanta – was founded in May 1992 by Ed Hula.
XHSAW-TDT is the television call sign for the flagship station of the Mexican Teleritmo entertainment network.
Since 2012, Viasat Explorer together with sisterchannels Viasat History and Viasat Nature are broadcast in HD together with the SD feed on the Viasat satellite platform.
The station was sold to Luken Communications in June 2011 as part of TBN's pullout from their extensive translator network.
The station's current programming consists of the Ion national feed including religious programs, plus paid infomercials and local advertising spots.
Listings from the site were also available via Orange's WAP mobile phone walled garden.
Kanal A is the first Slovenian commercial television station.
The channel focuses on crime and investigation series programs.
Along with live fighting events, Fight Network airs fight-themed movies, documentaries, television series, news and fitness-related shows.
Its main competitors are ESPN and beIN Sports.
It was upgraded to become W04DA on channel 4 later that same day.
Its offices and broadcasting center are located on the campus of owner Bates Technical College.
CTV parent Bell Globemedia then was required to divest its stake in the network following its 2001 acquisition of competing network TSN.
It was founded in 1996 after two recent television stations, EVTV and RTV joined.
WCHU-LD is a local Azteca affiliate in Chicago, Illinois licensed to Rochelle, Illinois.
The channel ceased transmistions at midnight during the night of 30 April 2010.
The network competes with Super RTL, KiKa and Nickelodeon Germany similarly-formatted networks whose primary sources of programming is children focused.
WRBJ-TV, channel 34, is a television station licensed to Magee, Mississippi, USA, owned and operated by the Trinity Broadcasting Network.
Frederator is producing two animated series exclusively for the Internet: Bravest Warriors, created by Pendleton Ward and Bee and PuppyCat, created by Natasha Allegri.
WGCI is used to transmit WLBZ programming to Time Warner Cable systems in Skowhegan, Millinocket, and Lincoln.
The station is currently owned by local businessman Bob Rule, owner of Rule Communications.
The music videos are Top 40 format without commercials much like the music its sister radio network Exa FM.
The station is affiliated with the MeTV network, and broadcasts on channel 18 over the air and channel 12 on Charter Spectrum.
The KVLY tower was at one time the tallest structure in the world and it is currently the tallest structure in the Western Hemisphere.
The core audience demographic covers the 15–48 age bracket.
Smith, however, had every intention of returning the station to the air as soon as possible.
The programming mainly consists of kodomo and shōnen anime dubbed into Hindi, Telugu and Tamil, having formerly shown mostly cartoons.
It broadcasts an analogue signal on VHF channel 5 from a transmitter near Huron Street in Sudbury.
DXGM-TV, channel 5, is a commercial relay television station of Philippine television network GMA Network.
K25DS was a television station in Junction City, Kansas.
Spring News is a Thai Television news channel owned by Spring News Television Ltd. part of News Network Corporation PCL.
The station is owned by Nexstar Media Group, and is operated as a sister station to CW affiliate WISH-TV and MyNetworkTV affiliate WNDY-TV.
BET broadcasts content from the main Black Entertainment Television channel in the US and Canada.
It replaced the A+ Anime network in these countries except Poland on April 11, 2007.
WLII operates a satellite station, WSUR-DT, in Ponce.
WTSJ-LP, UHF channel 38, is a Azteca-affiliated digital television station located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States.
The Comedy Channel was a short-lived United Kingdom subscription television channel during the early 1990s.
K45EB was a low-power television station licensed to Bozeman, Montana.
By way of a local marketing agreement, WCYB-TV operates the Tri-Cities' Fox affiliate, Greeneville, Tennessee-licensed WEMT, owned by Esteem Broadcasting, LLC.
The channel aimed to attract men to the pay-per-view Playboy TV, operating on the same satellite service.
Local and national advertising were almost nonexistent, as no advertiser wanted to buy time on a station where he couldn't even see his own ad.
It is owned by Groupe JLA and NBCUniversal.
The two stations share studio facilities located on East Speer Boulevard in Denver's Speer neighborhood; KDVR maintains transmitter facilities located atop Lookout Mountain, near Golden.
The channel is carried on most digital cable networks in the region, including TDC Kabel TV and Com Hem.
Local public radio station Radio TK is also part of this company.
The station broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 36 from a transmitter on Juniper Flats Road northwest of Bisbee.
XHAB-TDT is the television call sign for the Televisa television station in Matamoros, Tamaulipas, Mexico.
In situations such as this, Atlantic usually picks up the station out of Erie, Pennsylvania, but that market has no MyNetworkTV affiliate of its own.
WSVF-CD2 can also be seen on Comcast channel 4 and channel 807.
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 47 from a transmitter in Awendaw.
The station's transmitter is on the Empire State Building.
Tharisanam TV Australia was launched in January 2007 after the closure of Sigaram TV Australia in September 2006 due to Sigaram's bankruptcy.
The station is owned by Steven Ritchie, a local retired police officer who acquired the station from Craig Fox in December 2013.
MBC 1 is a free-to-air, pan-Arab general television channel.
Nielsen has reported a much lower number in 2017, below 90,000,000 subscribers, losing more than 10,000 a day.
XHCJE-TDT is a Ciudad Juárez television station that is owned and operated by TV Azteca.
Owned by SagamoreHill Broadcasting, the station is operated through a shared services agreement by Cordillera Communications.
It was re-branded France Ô in 2004 in order to better show it was part of the France Télévisions group.
The station was first established in 1998 as KMCF-LP.
It was formerly available on SelecTV from 15 March 2007 until the closure of its English service in late 2010.
XHBG-TDT is a television station on channel 27 in Uruapan and Morelia, Michoacán.
The first satellite service for Samanyolu TV was aired towards Central Asia.
The channel had previously been available on Virgin Media channel 165 until 1 April 2010.
Since TNS Gallup started measuring viewing for the channel in 2002, the channel has continuously held a 1.3 percent share of all viewing.
K38HE went off the air after a rebuilt tube broke in the transmitter.
9XO will also provide a platform called OmeGrown, for independent Indian music bands playing English music to showcase their talent.
It is owned by Televisión Autonómica de Murcia, S.A.
Later that day the Channel was renamed to TVM, although the radio channel kept the Raajje Radio name.
WCBZ-LP was a low-power television station in Central City, Louisiana, broadcasting locally on VHF channel 7 as an affiliate of My Family TV.
Sun Music is a 24-hour music channel led by the well-known Sun TV Network of India.
The SceneOne brand was also used for an entertainment shopping portal accessible via the Open.... interactive television service on Sky Digital satellite television.
CKES-DT, virtual channel 45, is a Yes TV owned-and-operated television station located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
The network's stated objective is "to give voice to untold stories, promote debate, and challenge established perceptions."
The station is a repeater station which airs WEPA-CD full-time.
The channel also launched on other cable networks such as Unitymedia, Kabel BW, and UPC Cablecom
Télétoon+ is a French television channel operated by CanalSat, focusing its programming on animation.
WHSV-TV is the ABC-affiliated television station for Harrisonburg, Virginia and the Shenandoah Valley.
The three stations share studios on Dublin Road in Grandview Heights, a suburb of Columbus; WTTE and WSYX also share a transmitter on Columbus' west side.
The channel was established by the Turkish businessmen Erol Aksoy and Haldun Simavi on March 1, 1992.
Viasat Fotboll is a Swedish television channel dedicated to football.
Telenovela, also stylized TeleNovela, is South Korean cable and satellite specialty channel.
The channel is co-funded by the TVP and the Polish Ministry for Foreign Affairs and broadcasts from the TVP headquarters in Warsaw.
It is a home shopping channel which sells antiques, collectibles, memorabilia and modern limited editions.
Over-the-air, the station broadcasts a digital signal on VHF channel 8.2 from a transmitter on Keeney's Knob between Alderson and I-64.
Until 2014, KTLE's programming was also simulcast on KTLD-LP channel 49.
On cable, the station is found on Rogers Cable and Eastlink channel 6.
S+A Koronadal is a commercial television relay station owned by ABS-CBN Sports and Action, a fully owned subsidiary of ABS-CBN Corporation.
APT also operates a studio in Washington, D.C., in partnership with the Folger Shakespeare Library.
The Comedy Channel was a television comedy cable channel owned by HBO, a division of Time Warner.
The channel is run by an international team of broadcast professionals, acquiring and producing content for global distribution.
Every Thursday, an Indian movie is telecast on MBC 1 at 8.30PM.
Nile TV International is a public Egyptian television channel.
Foxtel took over managing and producing Showcase and the other Showtime channels as of 31 October 2012, with it purchasing assets of the PMP.
They are trying to become not only commercial but educational stations too.
The operator of the commercial muxes was, however, intending to broadcast pay television, so the channel would be a part of the encrypted RiksTV package.
Owned by ABC Owned Television Stations, a unit of The Walt Disney Company, the station serves the areas of Durham, Raleigh, and Chapel Hill and Fayetteville.
In 2006, Time Warner's Turner Broadcasting System Latin America acquired HTV, along with Fashion TV, Infinito, I.Sat, MuchMusic, Retro, and Space from Claxson.
The station can also be seen on Cable ONE channel 7 and in high definition on digital channel 460.
Infomax Television is a regional free-to-air television channel located in Pampanga, Philippines.
ZDFinfo is a digital TV channel from ZDF.
CKEM's transmitter is located near Yellowhead Highway/Highway 16A; CKEM also operates a rebroadcast transmitter in Red Deer on VHF channel 4.
WICD airs the same broadcast schedule as its parent station but features separate legal identifications and local commercial inserts.
Although Fredericksburg is within the Austin DMA, the station's signal covers the San Antonio and Bexar County area.
On 23 March 2017, MagicBricks Now was replaced by Mirror Now, a news channel with a focus on civic issues.
It was launched on 11 August 2001 and closed on 12 May 2002, precipitating ITV Digital's collapse over a month later.
The channel was re-branded from XLEAGUE.TV, an eSports channel.
The station is owned by Univision Communications, and is a sister station to Univision owned-and-operated station WUVP-DT.
During their first decade of existence, they had an average of two actions per year.
The channel was previously named Time Warner Cable Community and Time Warner Cable Television before that.
The station is owned by Bonten Media Group.
It is owned by Pollack/Belz Broadcasting Company along with ABC affiliate KLAX-TV, and is an affiliate of MeTV.
It won the Asian Television Award for Best News Channel in 2005.
GEB America is owned by Oral Roberts University and is headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
This station can also be seen on Comcast channel 6 and in high definition on digital channel 434.
Quest Arabiya aims to become the go-to platform for showcasing talent from across the region.
Judges Bunglow, Bodakdev in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India.
Shraddha TV is a non-profit Buddhist television channel based in Sri Lanka.
Also EBS offers one cable/satellite channel, EBS America, in North America.
Sur Sagar TV, also known as SSTV, is a Canadian Category B Punjabi language specialty channel with select programming in English.
Fatafeat TV channel consists of shows for 16 arabian chefs, in addition to the shows of international chefs such as Jamie Oliver and many more.
The content of Bindass Play is based on "mood-mapping".
WFGC is a religious television station in West Palm Beach, Florida, broadcasting locally on channel 61 as an owned-and-operated station of CTN.
The channel was named as a nod to the Colman family, which have deep-rooted history in Norwich.
Headquartered in Bologna, Italy, Ducati is owned by German automotive manufacturer Audi through its Italian subsidiary Lamborghini, which is all owned by the Volkswagen Group.
Tamil Vision International is a Canadian exempt Category B Tamil language specialty channel, based in Toronto, Ontario.
It broadcasts from its headquarters in Petronas Twin Towers at Jalan Ampang, Kuala Lumpur.
The digital translator, which signed on the air in 2009, is a conversion of former analog translator, W58AM, that broadcast at the same location.
Austext is the former Australian teletext service based in Brisbane, Queensland.
The kob is an antelope found across sub-Saharan Africa, in Gashaka Gumti National Park, Nigeria and some part of Senegal to South Sudan.
Chris Ross, president of Disney Channel Worldwide, has stated that the channel might be launched on Digital Terrestrial Television soon.
The station is available on Comcast Xfinity digital channels 300, 721 and 981, and Verizon FiOS channel 20.
Teleexpo was one of the first commercial television channels in Russia.
Alpha Digital, the company responsible for its broadcast, went bankrupt and the service was shut down.
K49FF was a low-power television station licensed to Grand Forks, North Dakota.
This station covers Fukuoka Prefecture and western Yamaguchi Prefecture including Yamaguchi City.
TNT is an American basic cable and satellite television channel owned by the Turner Broadcasting System, a division of Time Warner.
The station was among those donated to the Minority Media and Telecon Council, who flipped the station to Luken Communications in June 2011.
Its signal only reached Bogotá, Cundinamarca, Tolima, and part of Huila, and broascast daily, from 17:30 to 22:30, on Channel 9, hence its alternative name.
The channel is currently available as subscription-only on Sky, Virgin Media, TalkTalk TV, BT TV, and TVPlayer.
The Fox-affiliated subchannel can also be seen on Midcontinent cable channel 3 in Williston.
WLLC-LP is a digital low power television station in Nashville, Tennessee, broadcast locally on analog channel 42 and digital channel 41.
Viasat Plus was a television channel established to entertain audience between the ages of 15-80.
W26BS was a low-power television station licensed to serve Binghamton, New York.
Classica HD is an Italian television channel devoted to classical music, opera, ballet and jazz.
The radio and television program is mainly produced in Serbo-Croatian language.
featuring diverse holiday programming, much of which comes from Israel.
The station can also be seen on Cable One channel 3 and in high definition on digital channel 455.
The station's programming is also available on the video on demand service, Wisconsin On Demand 1111, on Time Warner Cable systems across southeastern Wisconsin.
It timeshared with Jetix and replaced the Travel Channel on Viasat's satellite platform.
It is the most prominent television network targeting African American audiences, with approximately 88,255,000 American households receiving the channel.
The US$400M deal was completed in the second quarter of 2010. bTV has a 37% market share in Bulgaria.
It is part of the Georgia Public Broadcasting state network, serving North Georgia and the Chattanooga media market.
Owned by Kelley Enterprises, it is affiliated with The Family Channel.
Minimax's policy goals include edutainment and non-violent programs.
Its initial airing schedule had a weekly duration of 35 minutes, whereas by 2004 the time on air was over 1200 minutes per week.
The channel is available across all major cable and DTH platforms as well as online.
The first transmission aired on January 17, 2002 at 16:00 WIB, and was officially launched on July 30, 2002 at 19:00 WIB.
It began broadcasting programs on 21 May 2012.
WPXM-TV, virtual and UHF digital channel 35, is an Ion Television owned-and-operated television station located in Miami, Florida, United States.
The channel is intended for audience in Herzegovina region although it broadcast from headquarters located in the Brčko, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The channel is now called TNT since the seven was dropped from the name on 21 March 2012.
The Channel hosted the branded block Sci Fi, the brand dedicated to science fiction, horror, fantasy and paranormal of NBCUniversal.
In Demand is an American cable television service which provides video on demand services, including pay-per-view.
The channels signal also spills into County Donegal in the Republic and can be picked up in the northeast of the county.
KSCT-LP is a low-power translator of KATH in Sitka, broadcasting over-the-air and on cable in Sitka on channel 5.
WIPX maintains offices located on Production Drive in southwestern Indianapolis, and its transmitter is located on County Road 50 in rural southwestern Johnson County.
It is available through cable and IPTV in the pay television packages of Ziggo and Glashart Media.
CBKST was the CBC Television owned-and-operated television station in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada from 1971 to 2012.
The channel is launched in June 2009.
Ziggo Sport Totaal is a Dutch premium television service operated by Ziggo and owned by VodafoneZiggo, a joint venture between Liberty Global and Vodafone.
K21GQ is a low-power television station licensed to Minot, North Dakota.
SBTN which stands for Saigon Broadcasting Television Network is a Canadian exempt Category B Vietnamese language specialty channel and is owned by Ethnic Channels Group.
It was the second news channel launched in the Brazilian cable/satellite market.
Canal+ Poland is Poland's variation of the French television network Canal+.
The brand is aimed at young children under the age of 6 years.
The channel started operation on 1 October 2015 on Canal Plus Overseas Platform after the success of Zee World, an English-language channel by ZEEL.
Licensed to Salem, Oregon, the station covers the Willamette Valley, within the Portland, Oregon television market.
XHAUC-TDT is a television station in Chihuahua, Chihuahua, operated by Televisa as an affiliate of Grupo Televisa's Gala TV network.
Price Drop was a British television shopping channel based in the UK, that ran daily live reverse auctions.
Unlike the more wide-ranging TVM network, TVM2 focuses primarily on cultural and education programming.
The Center is a non-academic unit of the Scripps College of Communication.
Its transmitter is located at Nuñez St., Brgy.
Positions are available in video editing, production, graphic design, web development, network administration, computer programming, management, marketing, and public relations.
Unlike most other PBS stations, KGTF offers no subchannels other than the main feed.
The station is owned by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
Unlike MinX, another short lived music channel by CSC, its run lasted for two years compared to the other channel's 1 month life.
PremPlus was Sky Sports' first and only pay-per-view channel which was dedicated to airing live and interactive football from the Premier League.
It replaced Jetix in pay-TV and Seven TV on digital terrestrial television.
Its license, along with 43 other silent TBN repeaters, was canceled on December 1, 2011 for remaining silent over a year.
It was launched on the maiden flight of the Atlas III carrier rocket, which used the Atlas IIIA configuration.
Imagine Movies is a Dubai-based Free-To-Air Bollywood Movies channel that showcases latest and evergreen movies of all time.
Music channel Seitse shows at least 400 music videos per day.
The BET Hip Hop Awards are an annual awards show, airing on BET, showcasing hip hop performers, producers and music video directors.
KXMN-LD is the MeTV station in Spokane, Washington.
The first program director of "TV Bulgaria" is Agnesa Vasileva.
is focused primarily on mainstream sports and broadcasts high-quality sporting events and sport-related programming in the Czech and Slovak Republics.
The channel ceased broadcast on 1 July 2013.
The sensationalism and rating-oriented approach has always been a journalistic taboo for the flag bearers of Waqt."
TV3 SPORT 1 is a Danish sports television channel, owned by Modern Times Group and operated by TV3 SPORT.
They also broadcast some Baltic Basketball league games.
Skytv is a South Korean satellite television network.
The two stations share studios in Charleston, and WCHS-TV's transmitter is located south of Scott Depot, West Virginia.
Canal 4 was closed on 29 February 2012, being substituted by the new Navarra Televisión.
Vikom Music is a Bosnian commercial music cable television channel based in Bosanska Gradiška, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Action 24 is a Greek sports television channel in Attica.
KXLN-DT, virtual and UHF digital channel 45, is a Univision owned-and-operated television station serving Houston, Texas, United States that is licensed to the suburb of Rosenberg.
KFSM maintains transmitter facilities northwest of Winslow.
NPO Zapp Xtra is time-sharing with NPO Best.
The channel launched in April 2010 as STVDIO, and is owned and operated by SBS Subscription TV, a subsidiary of free-to-air broadcaster Special Broadcasting Service.
Z1 broadcasts over DVB-T, DVB-S, DVB-C and IPTV.
The station operates on a Special Temporary Authority from the tower site of co-owned radio station WMVA.
Programming includes news, entertainment, talkshows, series, sports and much more.
Libya TV is a Libyan TV channel broadcast by satellite from its headquarters in Doha.
It broadcasts 24 hours per day 7 days per week.
The option to stream Cartoon Network live is available with the sign-in of a cable or satellite provider.
Its main affiliation is with the Global Christian Network network.
Owned by Vaughan Media, WBDT is operated by Nexstar Media Group and is sister station to WDTN.
RTL II is a commercial, privately owned, general-interest German television channel.
After fifteen months, California State University, San Bernardino, pulclosed ICTN due to a lack of sufficient advertising revenue.
It was launched on January 1, 2011.
At one point KNTS was the flagship station for the Northwestern State Demons.
Although Sweden has a large area with long distances north and south, it is one of the most capital-centralized countries in Europe.
It is also notable that the channel is heavily censoring shows such as Steven Universe which is canceled in October 2016.
Encuentro is an Argentine television channel belonging to the Argentine Ministry of Education.
The network manager is the leader of the Iraqi Turkmen Front, Sadettin Ergeç.
The station formerly carried ION programming, and broadcast over-the-air at channel 32 until 2008.
It is a spinoff of MoviePlex and is owned by Starz, LLC.
The channels follow the Boomerang US channel line-up, which airs classic cartoons.
The station was owned and operated by STV Group plc in partnership with Glasgow Caledonian University.
Iran TV Network is a Canadian exempt Category B Persian language specialty channel.
WPWR-TV, virtual channel 50, is a primary CW-affiliated and secondary MyNetworkTV owned-and-operated television station serving Chicago, Illinois, United States that is licensed to Gary, Indiana.
WLIO is the NBC-affiliated television station for Northwest Ohio licensed to Lima.
WRLH-DT2 is the MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station for Richmond, Virginia.
The channel is currently available only on DStv, which is used by the majority of the country.
In addition, WHLT airs its own local commercials during all programming and legal identifications.
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 40 from a transmitter in Delco.
ACE TV was cancelled in 2002 due to breaching of licence conditions.
Licensed to Nampa, it broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 24 from a transmitter at the Bogus Basin ski area summit.
Slam!TV is a youth music television channel that airs mainly music videos.
Master control and most internal operations of WOGX originate from the studios of WOFL and sister station WRBW in Lake Mary.
Located at digital channel 40, its transmitter is located in Las Vegas on Black Mountain.
24hrkpop airs some content sourced from Korean Broadcaster Arirang.
Productions are recorded in opera houses such as the Royal Opera House, the Teatro Real, and La Scala.
It uses CDMA2000 at 450 MHz and provides internet services with cell phones as modem or proper modem.
The station became an AccuWeather affiliate, a 24-hour live weather network features weather reports and forecasts.
It is an affiliate of the TBD.
KHDF-CD is a low-power Class A digital television station in Las Vegas, Nevada, broadcasting locally in digital on UHF channel 19 as an Azteca América-affiliate.
The channel was broadcast during the off-air periods for both ABC HD and ABC2 on their respective channels.
However, its VERSO typeface logo was short-lived, because this logo was never successful and is remaining a short use in 11 months.
The network takes its name from the Television Education Foundation, its owner.
Z1 was the first Czech private 24-hour news channel.
KJLR-LP was a low-power TV station based in Little Rock, Arkansas, broadcasting programming from AMGTV.
The station operates a full-time satellite, WEUX, licensed to Chippewa Falls and serving Eau Claire and the Chippewa Valley.
It also operates rebroadcasters on channel 8 from Lancaster, Ontario, channel 6 from Deseronto and on channel 47 in Pembroke.
WMDV-LD channel 44 is a low-power television station licensed to Danville, Virginia and serving that city and adjacent Pittsylvania, Halifax and Henry Counties.
The channel broadcasts a mixture of contemporary Bollywood, Indipop, Bhangra, and international music.
In April 2011, TV4 announced that TV4 Plus would change its name to Sjuan, with the complete change to happen on 12 September 2011.
TVG2 is an American sports-oriented digital cable and satellite television network.
The station is adjacent to the Holy Land Experience, a Christian theme park also owned by TBN.
Owned by Heartland Media, WTHI maintains studio facilities located on 8th and Ohio Streets in downtown Terre Haute, and its transmitter is located along U.S. 41/U.S.
It broadcasts on Sundays during the NFL regular season from 1:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. Eastern.
Director of Bibel TV is Matthias Brender, following the founding director Henning Röhl who retired in February 2013.
At the time of foundation only two other Swedish television channels existed, that of the public service company SVT.
It provides 24-hour national and global news coverage.
The homes of the staff of OUBS, the studio and the editing facilities are all located in that same address.
Pitch TV was a home shopping television channel broadcast in the United Kingdom on the Freesat and Sky platforms.
Soon after, on March 21, 2005, the station completed a flash-cut to digital, becoming one of the first licensed digital Class-A stations in the United States.
One of the concept executive producers has been Nico Mastorakis who brought with him several original ideas after his stay in the United States.
The channel will also get new graphics.
EBSuHD — EBS' children's channel; formerly a simulcast of EBS Plus 1.
TVNorge now broadcasts via private cable and satellite providers in addition to RiksTV, which is the Norwegian Digital Terrestrial television distributor.
Owned by the Nexstar Media Group, the station is sister to the Fort Smith-based Fox affiliate KFTA-TV.
The third ceremony premiered on October 23, 2008.
Polimer TV is a Tamil-language satellite television channel based in Chennai, India.
The production of this channel is based on the teachings of Quran and Sunnah.
The decision affected, in particular, RTR-Planeta, Channel One and TV Center.
In late January 2010, it applied to increase power to 15 kW at the same location and height.
Cloud translator for the Trinity Broadcasting Network at 122 kilowatts for most of the analog age.
It was launched in 1997, and was the fifth national terrestrial analogue network in the United Kingdom after BBC One, BBC Two, ITV, and Channel 4.
KCLJ-LP is a low-power television station in Joplin, Missouri, broadcasting locally in analog on UHF channel 30 as an affiliate of TBN.
Licensed to Watertown, it broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 21 from a transmitter on Hayes Road in Copenhagen.
in the Rosslyn section of Arlington, Virginia; WJLA-TV's transmitter is located in the Tenleytown neighborhood of northwest Washington.
Zoom — the new Ukrainian youth entertainment channel.
Therefore, the station is simulcast in standard definition over WLOS' second digital subchannel in order to reach the entire market.
Teletext pages from SVT Text are included in the broadcasts.
It is owned and operated by Discovery Networks Asia, a division of Discovery Communications.
On cable, the subchannel is also available on Cox Communications channel 11 in Topeka and channel 12 elsewhere within its northeast Kansas service area.
KSSY-LP was a low-power television station in Arroyo Grande, California, broadcasting locally on channel 20.
The channel is available on most digital cable providers and IPTV provider Tele2.
DoD News Channel was a television channel broadcasting military news and information for the 2.6 million members of the U.S. Armed Forces.
Discovery Communications eventually ended up using Discovery People's distribution for other networks.
Ed Bickert and Lorne Lofsky - This is New
Shakthi TV is the first Tamil television service of Sri Lanka.
In most outlying areas of the market, the station is carried on channel 10.
It runs programming from the Ion Television network.
Sky Living Loves was a British television channel owned by British Sky Broadcasting.
The station broadcast on UHF channel 43, with no digital channel.
DTour is a Canadian English language Category A cable and satellite television specialty channel owned by Corus Entertainment.
The channel also acquired various comic formats from other countries as well as Indian formats in a plan to generate more revenue.
The British version of Fox Kids was the first European variant before being expanded to other European countries during the late 1990s.
It broadcasts on channel 51 and licensed to San Antonio, Texas.
The channel has broadcast the Anthony "The Man" Mundine vs. Danny Green boxing fight and has broadcast nearly every World Wrestling Entertainment pay-per-view since 2000.
The network is available on digital terrestrial television as well as cable and satellite.
WSTQ-LP is the low-powered, CW-affiliated television station for Central Upstate New York.
The station is owned by RJ Enterprises.
The Dutch government was, at the time, against commercial television and prohibited it from broadcasting.
Valentino Music is a Bosnian commercial cable television channel based in Brčko, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
It is based on the original American version of the channel and started airing on 1 May 1995 as the first kids' channel in India.
The program is mainly produced in Bosnian language.
It is also widely available throughout the rest of Europe.
On cable, the station is available on Charter Spectrum channel 9 and in high definition on digital channel 1209.
Upon completion, the station was to have broadcast at 15 kW.
It also broadcasts to several countries in Asian region.
Oh!K airs South Korean drama, entertainment, variety and music programmes supplied from Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation 24/7 as outlined in the initial announcement.
BBC HD is an international high-definition television channel provided by BBC Worldwide and launched in September 2006.
The channel broadcasts in digital on UHF channel 27.
ATN Cricket Plus broadcasts programming related to the sport of cricket including live and tape-delayed matches and news and highlight series.
The channel targets audiences in Austria, but is also widely available throughout Europe.
The channel is also the premiere broadcaster of the reality series The Amazing Race.
The park is an ellipse bounded by the Elliptical Road.
It was forced to operate at only 1,000 watts because it was sandwiched between New York City's WJZ-TV and Washington, D.C.'s WMAL-TV.
In Belgium, RTL also operates the French-language channels Club RTL, Kids RTL and Plug RTL.
The station is owned by the Fox Television Stations subsidiary of 21st Century Fox, and is part of a duopoly with MyNetworkTV owned-and-operated station WDCA.
Since then VIVA has broadcast more reality programmes like Excused.
The channel focuses on 14- to 35-year-old urban population, with 24-year-old working professionals being its primary target demographic.
The dedicated Polish schedule was launched in 2002.
It started broadcasting in 1996 as the flagship general channel of the newly launched TPS satellite platform, competing with Canal+ of the CanalSat platform.
WPWR-TV sold its spectrum space in the Federal Communications Commission's incentive auction.
The channel originally launched on 5 November 2001 and relaunched in its current format on 22 June 2009.
WFWC-CD is a Class-A low power television station in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
It is broadcast on Hot Bird 6, 11158V, 27500 3/4.
It is broadcast on digital channel 16, which remaps to former analog channel 3 via PSIP.
MPBN's television network shows a block of standard PBS programming, as well as many documentaries including nature programs and other science programs.
It was the first British TV channel to broadcast exclusively in digital format, as well as the BBC's second non-terrestrial channel launch.
M-SIB showed the pair of Emon and Sarika together for first time on TV screens.
TV2000 is an Italy-based broadcasting network that carries Roman Catholic-themed programming, available on digital terrestrial television in Italy and owned by the Italian Episcopal Conference.
The station is a Bounce TV network affiliate owned and operated by DTV America Corporation of Sunrise, Florida.
WTMS was sold at auction to Silver Point Capital on April 16, 2009.
It also provides regular news updates to ProSiebenSat.1 Media properties like ProSieben and kabel eins.
The channel slot was shared with the CITV channel and ITV2 +1.
The two stations share studios located on Center Drive in West Los Angeles, KFTR's transmitter is located atop Mount Wilson.
France 3 Bretagne is one of France 3's regional services, broadcasting to people in the administrative region of Brittany.
Its transmitter is based in the nearby town of Oakdale, Louisiana, which is in Louisiana.
Since the DTV transition in the United States did not affect low power stations, WXON-LP never applied to broadcast in digital.
WBIH is a television station in Selma, Alabama, serving the Montgomery, Alabama media market on channel 29.
DR3 programming is directed towards the youth and young adult audience, between 15 and 39 years old.
In autumn 2001, Discovery received a license to broadcast in the Swedish digital terrestrial television network.
It broadcast programming from MEGA Cosmos, a television channel in Greece, and local Canadian content.
The channel's target audience is males, branding itself with the slogan "Denmark's got a new TV Channel - and it's for men".
WUCW is the CW-affiliated television station serving Minneapolis and Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States.
The name in Japanese is often abbreviated Sōgō Terebi.
The channel was finally closed down on 30 September 2016.
WWMT maintains studios on West Maple Street in Kalamazoo, and its transmitter is located in northwest Yankee Springs Township on Chief Noonday Road/M-179 near Patterson Road.
The station itself is not available on DirecTV, though TCT national feed is carried on channel 377.
XHTV-TDT, founded in 1950 by Romulo O'Farril, is a flagship TV station of Televisa and FOROtv.
Canal Vie airs lifestyle and entertainment programs aimed at women in the form of talk shows, documentaries, reality TV series, and films.
Playhouse Disney Romania was re-branded as Disney Junior on June 1, 2011.
Chiller is an American cable and satellite television channel that is owned by NBCUniversal Cable Entertainment Group subsidiary of NBCUniversal, all owned by Comcast.
Established on December 2, 1961, MBC is a Korean terrestrial broadcaster which has a nationwide network of 17 regional stations.
On 12 July 2013, Sony announced that AXN Sci Fi and AXN Crime would be replaced by AXN Black and AXN White.
Express News is an Urdu language Pakistani television news channel Based in karachi, launched on January 1, 2008.
Encore Avenue was a Canadian English language Category A premium cable and satellite television channel that was owned by Corus Entertainment.
The channel is Pakistani feed of Cartoon Network, officially launched on 2 April 2004.
After 3 bumpers aired between a goodbye message, it was replaced with a slide signifying the channel's shutdown.
BBC-produced children's programming, in native languages of Scotland and Wales, also airs on BBC Alba and S4C respectively.
After CMT Europe closed down in 1998, it was replaced by Video Zone.
It was launched on 1 October 2011 and is a part of the Pride East Entertainments Pvt.
Omroep Gelderland launched its channel in 1996.
Programming consists of news, cultural programs, comedies, children's programs, movies, music, religious programming, live special events and more.
MOI&cie is a Canadian French language Category B specialty channel.
ICI Explora is a Canadian French language Category B specialty channel owned by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation that focuses on science, environment, nature, and health programming.
Funding for Idaho Public television comes from three major sources.
Veronica is a Dutch commercial television channel currently owned by SBS Broadcasting B.V..
KIMA's morning and weekend newscasts are shared with KEPR.
The statement cites lack of promised funds as the reason why the channel closed down.
It is notable for being the country's first all-news cable network, the country's first 24-hour news network, and the country's first English language news network.
It belongs to Perth Broadcasting Enterprises Inc. which was established on 28 June 1993.
KJUD is an ABC-affiliated television station located in Juneau, Alaska, United States.
It was also seen locally on Comcast channel 75, and worldwide on the internet.
This followed a recent change in the rules requiring broadcasters to have an RTÜK license.
WSTM-TV is the NBC-affiliated television station for Central Upstate New York that is licensed to Syracuse.
The station is owned by LeSEA Broadcasting, an organization founded by Assembly of God minister Lester Sumrall, whose sons are still active with the ministry.
On cable, KARZ-TV is available on Comcast Xfinity channel 5 in standard definition and digital channel 1005 in high definition.
CHEX maintains studio facilities located on Monaghan Road in the southern portion of Peterborough, and its transmitter is located on Television Hill, just outside Peterborough.
The station is a second digital subchannel of Fox affiliate WRLH-TV owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group.
WIYE-LD2 is the MyNetworkTV/MeTV-affiliated television station for the Mid-Ohio Valley.
It does have still existing sisters channels in the Arab world and in Indonesia.
As of 12 December 2016 the channel is broadcasting 24 hours a day in the Netherlands.
A one-hour timeshift channel called Animal Planet +1 was launched in May 2001.
In 2012 WCDMA DC HSPA+ was deployed in Ulaanbaatar giving the opportunity to use the fastest wireless mobile internet service with the brand name 3.99G.
Samaya News 24X7 is a television news channel that was the first of its kind to be owned by and targeted toward Kannadiga viewers.
YLE Extra ceased broadcasting on 1 January 2008 and it was replaced by YLE TV1+, a temporary channel which broadcasts Yle TV1 with fixed subtitles.
It is an affiliate of the News 12 Networks slate of regional cable news channels in the New York City area.
Class CNBC is a business and financial news television channel broadcast in Italy.
The channel broadcasts local sports coverage in the state of Florida, with a focus on professional sports teams based in Miami, Tampa and Orlando.
The channel can opt out from the main BBC Two schedule to show Welsh made programming, however this is used less frequently than in the past.
Province 5 Television also operates a community "Text Service" 24/7 on a dedicated "community tv" Chorus channel.
The station's broadcast range extends into parts of Alabama and Chattanooga, Tennessee and even the southwest corner of North Carolina.
KAJJ also has its own weeknight 5:30 and 10 p.m. newscasts with a separate anchor, which was introduced in 2010.
On June 25, 2008, Equity disclosed that it was selling WTMS to Luken Communications, LLC.
The block was separate from Sky News UK and Sky News International.
However, on 13 April 2011 Zee Sports Americas ceased operations and was replaced by TEN Cricket.
It offers programming for children and young people in Basque language.
Canal Hollywood is a movies cable channel available in Spain and Portugal.
For this reason it is also called 'Canal de Horizonte'.
Owned by Gray Television, KGWN has studios on East Lincolnway/East 14th Street/I-80 Business/U.S.
It is available throughout the United States, as well as in over 70 countries around the world.
It was founded on May 1, 1990 on channel 24, but moved to channel 21 in 2005 due to displacement by KETH's digital signal.
The two stations share studio facilities located on East Division Street in Springfield; KOLR maintains transmitter facilities located on Switchgrass Road north of Fordland.
The ABC Guide was removed from channel 20 on 1 January 2008 when ABC HD relaunched as a full-time simulcast of ABC TV.
Talks with Bollywood actors, trade pundits, directors, producers, distributors and film marketers etc.
Eagle News, formerly known as Eagle TV is a television broadcaster in Mongolia.
The three stations are owned by Magnum Radio, Inc.
Pac-12 Network is an American sports-oriented digital cable and satellite television network that is owned by the Pac-12 Conference.
KET carries national programming from PBS and American Public Television along with a wide range of local programming, basic skills and workplace education.
The unusual practice stems in part from the area's exceptionally high cable penetration rate of 80.5% which is one of the highest in the United States.
Eventually it split into different channel for different markets, such as Discovery Channel Benelux, Discovery Channel UK and Discovery Channel Nordic.
It is operated by Discovery Networks Deutschland, which is located in Munich.
It is believed to be the country's first television station, having launched in 1956.
It was owned by Telecom Italia Media, which also owns the La7 broadcast network.
WYTU-LD, virtual channel 63, is a Telemundo-affiliated television station located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States.
Programming is available on the Arirang website, YouTube, and on some TV providers.
KXOR-LP was a low-power television station in Eugene, Oregon, broadcasting locally in analog on UHF channel 36 as an affiliate of Azteca América.
It was the first channel from Discovery Networks EMEA to be simulcasted in both SD and HD.
WETA-TV, virtual channel 26, is a non-commercial educational PBS member television station licensed to and serving the capital city of Washington, District of Columbia, United States.
RTV Vogošća or Televizija Vogošća is a public TV channel founded by Assembly of Vogošća municipality.
The channel ceased its broadcasts on 6 September 2011 and was rebranded by Horror Channel.
MTV Rocks is a 24-hour alternative music channel operated by Viacom International Media Networks Europe.
The channel is a premium pay channel with a relatively high price.
Filmazia Entertainment formerly known as Filmazia is a Pakistani Channel and the first channel that broadcasts Pakistani Movies from the Pakistani Movie Industry Lollywood.
The station suspended analog operations June 16, 2010.
WLPX-TV, virtual channel 29, is an Ion Television owned-and-operated television station licensed to Charleston, West Virginia, United States and also serving Huntington.
SIC Radical is a Portuguese basic cable and satellite television channel owned by Sociedade Independente de Comunicação.
FitTV offered programming with such fitness celebrities as Cathe Friedrich, Sharon Mann, Gilad Janklowicz, Marilu Henner, Tamilee Webb and others.
Channel 9 is a sister channel of TV3, NTV7, and 8TV and shared facilities with Media Prima at its headquarters at Shah Alam.
Kompas TV's tag line is "News and Indonesia's Inspiration".
It belongs to the All-Russia State Television and Radio Company, Russia’s main state television group.
Owned by Univision Communications, WOTF is operated by Entravision Communications through a local marketing agreement with Univision affiliate WVEN-TV.
Owned by Mission Broadcasting, WTVO is operated through joint sales and shared services agreements by the Nexstar Media Group.
RTÉ2 is a free-to-air general entertainment channel operated by Irish national broadcaster Raidió Teilifís Éireann.
The station, which broadcasts on UHF digital channel 19, is owned by DTV America Corporation, a television station group based in Sunrise, Florida.
The channel can also be seen in Texas' Rio Grande Valley market.
Cultural and arts topics are also covered.
TVN International viewers also have a chance to cheer on the match competitions of the Polish football First League.
Correio da Manhã TV is a private Portuguese 24-hour news channel operated by Cofina, owner of Correio da Manhã, a notable Portuguese newspaper.
Its parent station has studios on North Main Street/U.S.
The station has also aired special, locally produced programming, such as the Colgate Country Showdown.
The channel launched on the Arena satellite platform with a full 24-hour schedule in December 2006 as TCM.
Weekend programming includes local Dallas ministry programs produced live at KJJM.
It broadcast between 6.00 pm and 8.00 pm.
It is the only Canadian channel that maintains a brand licensing deal with Discovery Communications that is not currently owned by Bell Media.
The channel's launch in August 2013 was initially met with public mockery when numerous technical issues and mistakes made by un-trained presenters went viral online.
The channel, owned by the Bennett, Coleman and Co. Ltd.
Nickelodeon Maghreb: is a free channel for chiسكldren targeting children specifically the Arab Maghreb, which is an official edition of Nickelodeon.
The "24" in the name represented the cable channel position at the time, on channel 24; it has since moved to channel 10.
The network was a place-based out-of-home advertising service, fed via televisions installed in the checkout lines of participating supermarkets.
Around late 2009, KTXD-LP ceased operations due to technical difficulties.
The station is seen on Cox Communications and AT&T U-verse.
There is a high definition feed provided on Spectrum digital channel 1206, Xfinity channel 805, Consolidated channel 640 and U-verse channel 1004.
The station originally requested to operate on VHF channel 10, but was denied, given UHF channel 52 in its place.
WUVF's programming is simulcast on low-power translator station WLZE-LD in Fort Myers.
Its sister channels are Sitel and Sitel 2.
K21GE is a low-power television station serving Camp Verde, Arizona.
NPO Humor TV was a digital theme channel of the Netherlands Public Broadcasting dedicated to comedy, cabaret and satire.
However, most channels just have 11-12 hours a day for live newscasts.
FX Movie Channel is an American digital cable and satellite television channel that is owned by the Fox Entertainment Group, subsidiary of 21st Century Fox.
The station's offices and studios are located at the northeast corner of Seattle Center, and its transmitter is on Capitol Hill in Seattle.
On 5 November 2007, Southern Cross Television was officially purchased by the Macquarie Media Group.
Sitara TV was a Telugu-language TV channel owned by Asianet Communications.
C More Sport is the name of four Scandinavian sports channels owned by C More Entertainment.
ATN-7 is the home of the national level Seven News bulletins.
TVN Style is a Polish channel aimed at women featuring the latest in fashion, health and beauty.
On cable, the station is carried primarily on channel 6 throughout the Hartford–New Haven television market.
The station is owned by the Tribune Broadcasting subsidiary of Tribune Media, as part of a duopoly with Fox affiliate WXIN.
This station can also be seen on Access Communications channel 6 and Sasktel Max channel 4.
Belgian Business Television broadcasts Kanaal Z in Belgium.
Owned by DTV America Corporation, the station broadcasts a digital signal on UHF channel 21.
It was the BBC's first foray into worldwide television broadcasting.
KCNC-TV, virtual channel 4, is a CBS owned-and-operated television station licensed to Denver, Colorado, United States.
For start, programme will last for 12 hours a day, with info channel, with all news from politics, sports and other segments of life.
The station is owned and operated by Made Television Ltd and forms part of a group of eight local TV stations.
World TV is a New Zealand television, radio and print media company specialising in media for Asian migrants and Asian language communities.
Since then, the network has added carriage on AT&T U-verse, Verizon FiOS, Comcast/Xfinity, RCN, Time Warner Cable, Charter and other major cable systems across the country.
WROB-LD maintains offices located in the Two Pershing Square Center, near Crown Center and Union Station in Kansas City and a location in Topeka, KS.
WUJA is a Spanish-language religious television station in Caguas, Puerto Rico, broadcasting locally on channel 58.
The station is owned by Northstar Media, who purchased former owner Una Vez Mas Holdings, LLC in 2014.
On July 23, 2014, Café World was completely removed from Facebook.
It is a unique service in that it not only offers pay-per-view content but also features pay-per-day, pay-per-month and pay-per-year on select programming.
It is currently broadcast through UBI World TV and TotalTV.
Jan TV Plus is a satellite television channel from India owned by CSL Infomedia Pvt.
The charges were later dropped by the Crown Prosecution Service.
Its parent station maintains studio facilities located on Gray Highway on the northeast side of Macon, and its transmitter is located on GA 87/U.S.
WNAC-DT2 can also be seen on Verizon FiOS channel 14, Cox channel 21, and Comcast Xfinity digital channel 292.
Distributed by Turner Broadcasting System specifically for the South Asian region, the channel primarily airs animated shows in four different languages: English, Hindi, Telugu and Tamil.
Its sister station is Via X which airs English language music videos.
Awaz TV is a Sindhi language television channel with headquarters in Karachi, Pakistan.
Its studio is located at Room 2, 2/F Santarina Bldg., Maharlika Highway, Bernardo District, Cabanatuan, Nueva Ecija.
i>Télé was renamed CNews on 27 February 2017.
The language of the channel is predominantly English.
Deluxe Music is a German free-to-air music television channel, operated by Just Music Fernsehbetriebs and owned by High View Holding.
The new logo was created in-house by Discovery.
There is a high definition feed offered on Time Warner Cable digital channel 1003 and Grande Communications channel.
Pick is a British television channel, available via Freeview, Freesat, Sky and Virgin Media.
Launched on 5 November 2001, it had an initial reach of 1.1 million viewers.
Commonwealth Broadcasting Network is a Canadian English language Category B specialty channel owned by Asian Television Network.
K33HZ was a television station in Pittsburg, Kansas.
HBO Canada is a multiplex television channel of the Canadian premium cable and satellite television service The Movie Network, which is owned by Bell Media.
Kurdistan TV's European offices are based in the Netherlands and Germany.
This article is about the full-service Daystar station on channel 11 in Holbrook, Arizona.
The channel was officially closed down on 16 September 2016, after its broadcasting license was taken down by the Bulgarian Council for Electronic Media.
The channel stopped broadcasting on December 16, 2015.
The news content on this channel is primarily broadcast in Malay, which is the official language of Malaysia.
Calle 13 is a Spanish cable/satellite television channel.
Apart from news, the channel also has some programs of own production.
These quiz shows were also broadcast on other TV stations, like n-tv.
The station began broadcasting on January 12, 1981.
W06AW Channel 6 TV was a translator television station located in Selmer, Tennessee.
While its analog signal was essentially limited to Charlotte itself, its digital signal decently covers most of the North Carolina side of the market.
That's TV is a local television network in the United Kingdom, licensed to operate services in several conurbations.
Days later, they were forced to revert to the previous title as a result.
It started broadcasting on October 2, 2009.
KDFX-CD is the low-powered, Class A Fox-affiliated television station for the Inland Empire's Coachella Valley licensed to Indio/Palm Springs, California.
It broadcast Russian movies, TV dramas, cartoons as well as local Canadian content.
Film1 launched together with its sister service Sport1 on February 1, 2006 and replaced the Canal+ Netherlands television channels.
Its studio is located at 2/F Green Valley Bldg., General Santos Ave., Koronadal, South Cotabato.
The NOVA Sport channels appeal mainly to the male demographic aged 20-49.
W48DW-D is a low-power television station in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, broadcasting locally on UHF channel 48 as an owned-and-operated satellite repeater for the Daystar Television Network.
EUROPA-TV was financed through contributions from the Dutch government, the European Commission, the participating broadcast organizations, and through advertising revenues.
Disney Channel is a kids and teen's entertainment channel available in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland since 1 October 1995.
WALE-LD is a low-powered television station that is licensed to and serving Montgomery, Alabama.
Viasat Ticket 1/Viasat Ticket is still existing on Sirius 4/Astra 4A satellite, but there is only a black screen.
All are subtitles in Korean to adapt to the local culture and then in Portuguese and Tetun to East Timor.
Founded March 16, 2007, the station is owned by Landover 5, LLC.
The "KMST" calls are strictly for promotional purposes, as the FCC does not issue call letters to stations appearing only on cable.
WTXF-TV, channel 29, is a Fox owned-and-operated television station located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.
In May 2010 Telenor bought 35% of the shares in C More Entertainment from TV4 Gruppen for SEK 787 million.
Launched on September 29, 2006, it replaced former NTV which transformed into RTPN, Radiotelevisão Portuguesa's news channel.
WBUI is the CW-affiliated television station for the Central Illinois region of the United States that is licensed to Decatur.
Both stations are owned by King Kong Broadcasting, with transmitter located outside of Henderson on Black Mountain.
It was actually the first education television station in the Dallas-Fort Worth area, signing on about 6 months before KERA-TV.
KVPX-LD is a low power SBN affiliated television station in Las Vegas, Nevada, owned by Mako Communications LLC.
The channel also allowed viewers in Iceland to view the channel on digital television providers and from the official website stod1.is.
WQAW-LP is a low-power television station in Lake Shore, Maryland, broadcasting digitally on UHF channel 20.
The former featured public aquariums and the latter photomicroscopy in high-definition.
These groups generally range from five to 40 animals.
It operates out of facilities located near Loop 323 in the southeastern portion of Tyler.
The Dispatch Broadcast Group broadcasting operations also include WTHR, the NBC affiliate in Indianapolis, Indiana.
The network also carries a nightly "opinion" programming block during primetime hours.
The station is owned by Quincy Media.
is massive enough to be rounded by its own gravity,
The station is owned by the Trinity Broadcasting Network.
The station's studios are located on U.S. Route 460 in Bluefield, and its transmitter is based at East River Mountain, near the West Virginia-Virginia border.
The station has a studio on Broadcast Plaza in Albuquerque.
A1 was a television channel in the Republic of Macedonia.
Along with originals, it airs several television shows from the United States and the United Kingdom.
The station is showing lifestyle and health programs.
It was founded as low-power television station K22GA on October 17, 2001.
KTVB's studios are located on West Fairview Avenue in Boise, and its transmitter is located at the Bogus Basin ski area summit in Boise County.
WESH, virtual channel 2, is an NBC-affiliated television station serving Orlando, Florida, United States that is licensed to Daytona Beach.
Anthony Murray was Court Appointed Receiver and sold WPMF by order of New York State Supreme Court in September 2015.
KTRV-TV is the Ion Television affiliate for Idaho's Treasure Valley licensed to Nampa.
The station was formerly owned by Cornhusker Television, LLC and rebroadcast the Home Shopping Network on channel 65 before going dark in 2006.
In Europe CBS Reality replaced Zone Reality on 3 December 2012.
WWTV is the CBS-affiliated television station for the northern Lower and eastern Upper Peninsulas of Michigan.
However, unlike most other UK shopping channels, there were no live or interactive broadcasts shown on Shop on TV.
At present, the channel broadcasts, on average, from 4:30pm to 11:00pm.
NDTV Imagine Ltd. runs NDTV Imagine, NDTV Lumiere and NDTV Imagine Showbiz television channels and film production and distribution company, NDTV Imagine Film Co.
Owned by Forum Communications of Fargo, KBMY's master control and internal operations are based at the facilities of fellow ABC affiliate WDAY-TV in Fargo.
The station is owned by Univision Communications; Entravision Communications Corporation, which owns Univision affiliate KCEC, operates KTFD under a local marketing agreement.
The station relocated from the former Redding Radio facility on Alta Mesa Drive to the KIXE-TV building on North Market Street.
CHEK-DT, virtual channel 6, is an independent television station located in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada, which serves the southwestern part of the province.
In July 2015, it started running tests in the Suva, Nasinu corridor.
The station is owned by the Hearst Television subsidiary of the Hearst Corporation, as part of a duopoly with NBC affiliate KCRA-TV.
It comprises all of the PBS member stations in the state outside of Milwaukee.
The two stations shared studio facilities located on North Morgan Road in Yukon.
The channel started operation on 1 October 2015 on Canal Plus Overseas Platform after the success of Zee World, an English-language channel by ZEEL.
Beginning April 15, 2014, the station began broadcasting its newscasts in HD, using robotic HD cameras, and introducing new graphics and music.
It is owned by Forthnet, who own and operate Nova a DTH satellite service and Nova Sports—a sports channel.
It was owned by the NBC Sports Group unit of NBCUniversal.
They also broadcast sports shows, such as Heartland Poker and Midwest Outdoor Magazine, as well as public affairs shows such as Comcast Newsmakers.
In 2005 there were talks about MEDIALAAN buying the Flemish part of Canal Plus from Telenet but this fell through.
WYGN-LD is a low power TV station on channel 10 in Berrien Springs, Michigan, and is an affiliate of 3ABN.
The channel has also occasionally aired videos from the early 2000s.
The station had an application to flash-cut to digital on channel 49, which would make it WXID-LD.
Lietuvos Rytas TV is part of Lietuvos Rytas Media Group.
The channel is also sometimes referred to as Al Jazeera Live, as Mubasher is an Arabic word for Live and Al-‘Amma is Arabic for General.
W23BW-D's signal is nulled to the north, a remnant of the analog age when Rockford's WIFR broadcast on analog channel 23.
The temporary channel was replaced by BuzMuzik on 30 May 2012.
Telelatino is available in almost 6 million Canadian homes and is carried by all major cable systems and satellite platforms.
KBMY, channel 17, is the ABC-affiliated television station for Bismarck, North Dakota.
Based in Ahmedabad, it was started and promoted by Hyderabad-based Ramoji Rao.
Comcast made the decision to discontinue the channel as of December 16, 2014.
Operated by Northwest Television, LLC, the call sign KWVT stands for "Willamette Valley Television".
The programmes were all free to watch, and did not have any adverts in them.
Most of the programmes broadcast are unique to M-Net Series but some are repeats of episodes already shown on M-Net.
WCAU, channel 10, is an NBC owned-and-operated television station, located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.
Sky News is a 24-hour international multimedia news organisation based in the U.K. that originated as a 24-hour television news channel.
CHET-TV is a community television station in Chetwynd, British Columbia.
– investigative reporting and the two semi-finals of the Eurovision Song Contest.
WSYX, channel 6, is an ABC-affiliated television station located in Columbus, Ohio, USA.
In 2013 the channel was rebranded and converted to a 24-hour channel with the inclusion of hourly news and current affairs programming.
Antena Stars is a Romanian TV channel.
There's photography exhibition, painting, dance, musical and theater.
From 26 September 2007 the channel was called "Zee Sports Americas" and was available through Dish Network.
It was an all-music channel that included such programming as open-air concerts and music videos.
WGWG is a television station in the Lowcountry area of South Carolina licensed to Charleston.
The channel was launched on 8 October 2007 and was replaced by NME TV on 22 November 2007 at 6.00am.
Interflow Communications launched the first privately owned TV channel in Pakistan in the early 1990s as well as launching TV ASIA in the UK.
Animax began as a programming block in Spain and Portugal in the channel AXN.
Yoopa broadcasts programming targeted toward preschoolers, aged 2 to 6.
PEISH TV carried UPN until the debut of The CW network in September 2006.
DWZM-TV Channel 8, otherwise known as PTV Cordillera is a regional television station of Philippine-government owned television network People's Television Network.
The station is currently affiliated with Buzzr, a FremantleMedia-operated classic game show channel.
On 27 December 2010 Zone Club in Poland changed its name into Club TV.
In addition to cooperative production on some shows, English Channel sometimes directly airs programs from CCTV, ICS and Beijing TV.
Choice TV is the third largest, privately owned, national free-to-air television broadcaster in New Zealand and has been on air since 2012.
Additionally, the station had a translator station, W09CK, which covers part of the north side of Flint at 85 watts; this translator is still in operation.
This is because they are free-to-air channels whereas Gold is a pay TV channel.
It broadcasts programming from Mediaset Italia, a television channel from Italy and local Canadian content.
The new service, now called 'New Greek TV' is aimed at the new generation of Greek-Americans.
Thane Direct mainly promotes and sells its product lines through infomercials geared around a specific product, or range of themed products.
Together with Viasat Motor, it replaced Viasat Sport 1, 2 and 3 in Norway.
The channel launched on 16 February 2009 as TV1000 Drama.
Yes Plus channel was an Israeli television channel that broadcast foreign TV shows.
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 21 from a 1,000-foot tall transmitter tower near Amenia.
It is the market's Telemundo affiliate broadcasting on digital UHF channel 45.
The two stations share studios on South Dixie Drive in Moraine.
MPT has been led by Larry Unger, president and chief executive officer, since 2011.
The channel separated from Zee networks on 28 March 2013 and launched itself with a new name IBC24.
Hadi TV is producing programs from Pakistan and other countries.
In Kerala, the channel is available through all major cable TV operators including ACV and KeralaVision as well as on major DTH platforms.
On January 8, 2014, WWE announced the network would launch on February 24 in the United States.
BBF Television is the first commercial Albanian music television station.
It was a part of the Setanta Sports package and was similar to other Setanta's other channels Celtic TV, Rangers TV and LFC TV.
It airs programming primarily from FamilyNet, LeSEA, TCT and The Worship Network, along with classic television programs such as The Lone Ranger, Daniel Boone and Bonanza.
Using the same model which she had already presented with The Planet of Donkey Kong on France 2, Poussier suggested a program without animation.
Its main method of distribution was via sister company Shaw Cable, and other cable and satellite services.
It is a repeater that broadcasts programming from Daystar, via satellite, and broadcasts in digital on UHF channel 32.
This was initially as ESPNews or ESPN News.
The channel broadcast a range of music videos and profiles of alternative artists, throughout the day during named strands.
It broadcasts primarily in Russian language programmes of other Belarusian state TV channels Belarus 1, Belarus 2, Belarus 3 and Belarus 5.
Oscar Peterson - An Oscar Peterson Christmas
The station is owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group.
Film1 Festival, formerly known as Film1.3, was a Dutch premium television channel owned by Chellomedia, the European content division of Liberty Global.
True Drama was originally scheduled to launch on 24 April 2013, but the launch was delayed until 4 June 2013, when it replaced True Entertainment +1.
Despite this, TV3 remains popular for its showing of Mexican telenovelas, Korean series and music and a variety of local and foreign movies.
The station originally broadcast on Channel 69, but over the years as digital television came online, moved to Channel 59 and then finally, Channel 25.
It is owned and operated by Polsat.
The two stations share studio facilities located on East Division Street in Springfield; KOZL maintains transmitter facilities located on Switchgrass Road, north of Fordland.
It is operated by the Ontario Educational Communications Authority, a Crown corporation owned by the Government of Ontario.
Its programming covers social issues, government strategies and education.
Other important TV channels in Nepal are NTV PLUS, NTV News which is owned by the Nepalese government.
Currently KBTU is available over-the-air and on local cable but not on any of the satellite services.
Public Television of Russia, a Russian television station, started broadcasting on 19 May 2013.
As a result, on 24 November 2014, the channel was rebranded as beIN SPORTS.
TV3 Latvia is a television channel targeted at a Latvian language audience owned by Modern Times Group.
A one-hour timeshift version of the channel launched on 5 February 2009, replacing Trouble +1.
In November 2011, WTSN-CD and WYYW-LP became affiliates of the classic programming network Me-TV.
From May 2007 to December 5, 2011 WMYT-TV's third digital subchannel carried WGTB-LP.
In Pinellas County, WZRA is available on WOW!
It broadcasts over-the-air on channels 12 and 14 and is seen throughout the Flow cable system on channel 3 or 103.
Founded March 1, 1982, the station is owned by Entravision Communications of Santa Monica, California.
The channel started broadcasting on 2 January 1984 at 17:27 from VHF channel E7 in Luxembourg.
Its flagship terrestrial television station is Channel 6 for Digital and Cable.
Ultra high frequency Television Yamanashi, Inc., also known as UTY, is a Japanese broadcast network affiliated with the JNN.
Canal Vie is a Canadian French language Category A specialty channel owned by Bell Media.
It is owned by the RTL Group and is, in terms of market share, Germany's largest private free-to-air broadcaster.
Its programming features drama, variety, lifestyle, and talk shows in Mandarin.
It broadcasts concerts, documentaries and interviews for 20 hours a day on Sky Italia.
Encyclopédia was a French television channel dedicated to encyclopedic knowledge.
SceneOne was recently a brand for a 5-minute show dedicated to showbiz and latest on DVD/CD releases on Living.
On cable, KTRE is available on Suddenlink, Consolidated Communications and independent providers in the area.
Muz-TV is a Russian music TV channel, broadcasting since 1996, as a MTV version on Russian language.
Its transmitter, also located in Roseburg, covers only the central portion of Douglas County.
WHHI-TV is one of two TV stations owned and operated by Byrne Acquisition Group, LLC.
Started to broadcast on December 1, 2008, carry an entertainment-themed programming produced by Mediaset.
It was launched on 14 August 2013.
The station was owned by Communications Corporation of America.
VH2 was a sister channel to VH1 in the United Kingdom.
The station is carried on cable channel 22 in the Campbellsville area.
DYKB-TV, channel 8, is a television station of Radio Philippines Network and Nine Media Corporation Its studios are located at Purok KBS, Pta.
It was launched on August 1, 2006 by National Broadcast Center, a private media company.
KWDK is a Christian television station owned by Daystar, broadcasting out of Tacoma, Washington, formerly broadcasting on channel 56.
The station can also be seen on Time Warner Cable channel 5 and in full high definition on digital channel 1203.
This channel broadcast in Catalan daily from 21:30 to 6:00.
Wendy is also repeated several times the day after.
The TV rights are owned by NOS, who acquired them in December 2015.
Astro Kirana was a Malaysian satellite television channel dedicated to airing Asian films, owned and operated by Astro.
Since 1 May 2012, it stopped broadcasting on satellite television due to political financial cuts.
KHON-TV, virtual channel 2, is a television station licensed to Honolulu, Hawaii, United States.
In July 2009, the station was sold to Daij Media LLC.
From 1997 until 2000, Rai Sat 2 broadcast Nickelodeon cartoons for three hours a day.
A survey in the UK found Channel S was the most viewed Bengali TV channel in the UK.
The station was owned by RKO General.
The channel mainly focused on Europop and eurodance music.
Its office is located at 2/F South Plaza Bldg., Rizal Avenue, San Pablo, Laguna.
On 1 August 2012 Chellomedia revealed that the European version of Zone Reality would be rebranded into CBS Reality as well.
Similarly to what happens in Brazil, TV Globo's main competitor is TV Record.
KKJB is a full-power television station based in Boise, Idaho.
At the same time the channels also moved into Real Time's old EPG slots on Sky and did so on Virgin Media on 7 May 2013.
KCPO was available on cable channel 2 or 3 in the eastern half of South Dakota and many cable systems reaching viewers in Southwestern Minnesota.
It is a digital subchannel of the area’s ABC affiliate, KMIZ.
The channel is a free-to-air and launched on 21 Aug 2015.
Propeller TV relaunched during April 2013 with a new weekly schedule and content produced in both the UK and China.
As of July 2015, TNT is available to approximately 94.259 million cable, satellite and telco households in the United States.
In an STA request, the operators of KJIB-LP notified the FCC that, to avoid interference they had no choice but to move to analog Channel 6.
On September 25, 2006, KQMM switched to the new MTV Tr3s network, which was created as a result of Viacom's acquisition of Mas Musica.
Syfy HD was launched on April 27, 2009 on MEO on channel 64, and it is now on channel 67.
On June 12, a redesign of the channel welcomed three new original productions by SET.
Ryukyu Asahi Broadcasting Co., Ltd., also known as QAB, is a Japanese broadcast network affiliated with the ANN.
KQVE-LP may continue to broadcast in analog signal, since the June 12, 2009 deadline does not apply to LPTV services.
The programming caters to family Arab audience specifically in the Arab World and is available in Australia, Europe, North America and the rest of Asia.
CBM was a potential television channel owned by the East Midlands company, CBM Media, to be broadcast in the United Kingdom.
SNN operates in conjunction with the Sarasota Herald-Tribune, and is headquartered in the newspaper's offices in downtown Sarasota.
Founded in 1987 on channel 24, the station is owned by Ventana Television, the subsidiary of HSN which is the holding company for its broadcast licenses.
Cartoon Network Too was closed on 1 April 2014.
beIN Sports is a Canadian exempt English language Category B specialty channel that airs international sports content.
It is not to be confused with the Veronica Association.
The channel primarily broadcasts feature length films from the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s, targeted toward the Generation X demographic.
KLEW-TV, virtual channel 3 and digital channel 32, is the CBS television affiliate in Lewiston, Idaho.
In 2005, they also took over The Bold and the Beautiful from its parent channel.
It operates a full-time satellite, WTMQ-LD, which is licensed to Jacksonville, North Carolina, also serving the Greenville/New Bern/Washington market.
The channel broadcast 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
The channel ceased operations on 30 December 2007.
It is available in over 11 million Canadian households as of 2013.
This channel focuses on Mexican movies of all times that are under license of Televisa.
It is owned and run by the country's third largest Urdu daily, Daily Express.
In March 2010, Pioneer stopped producing televisions, announced on 12 February 2009.
Primetime also offered live streams via their website.
There was a strong focus on music content but gradually the channel began to air reality shows similar to other MTV channels.
The channel was launched as Discovery Travel & Adventure Channel on Sky Italia in 2003 together with Discovery Civilisation Channel and Discovery Science.
From 1 June 2000, DD Sports became a 'round-the-clock' satellite channel.
It airs in the Portuguese language and it is available in cable and satellite.
In December 2005, Discovery HD Japan and Discovery HD Canada launched as 24-hour channels, becoming the 100th and 101st Discovery networks overall.
It broadcasts programming from SAB TV as well as Canadian content.
It is mainly devoted to cultural and science programmes.
It was also broadcast in Portugal through Cabovisão and TVCabo and Spain until 2003 due to administrative reasons with the TV operator.
The station is owned by LM Communications, LLC; Block Communications, which owns Fox affiliate WDRB and MyNetworkTV affiliate WMYO, operates WBKI-TV under a local marketing agreement.
It is the third most watched channel in Bhojpuri market.
TVP3 Opole is one of the regional branches of the TVP, Poland's public television broadcaster.
This will displace KUPT-LD which will have to move to a different channel number to continue broadcasting.
WMFP, virtual channel 62, is a television station serving Boston, Massachusetts, United States that is licensed to Lawrence.
They described the channel as being 90% English and 10% French which would cause the channel to be viewed in all parts of the country.
KCPM is owned by Chuck Poppen's Central Plains Media of Sioux Falls, South Dakota.
Waqar Zaka joined Play Entertainment in 2015 as Executive Director.
Its programming was focused on television series and movies.
KJCN-LP was a low-power television station in Paso Robles, California, broadcasting locally in analog on UHF channel 36 as an affiliate of TBN.
Sound TV was a free-to-air television channel following the tradition of the variety show, which has not been popular in Britain since the 1980s.
Other important Italian television directors, such as Beppe Recchia and Paolo Beldì, and Davide Rampello worked in Antenna3 too.
GNN TV48 is a TV station owned by First United Broadcasting Corporation and currently an affiliate of Global News Network in the Philippines.
However, the deal was rejected in June.
As of 1955, WPAG-TV broadcast during the evening hours only, from 6pm to 11:30pm.
This will be the third subsidiary channel for LifeStyle.
TBN broadcasts programs hosted by a diverse group of ministries from Evangelical, traditional Protestant and Catholic denominations, non-profit charities, Messianic Jewish and well-known Christian media personalities.
It is available in Philippines, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Indonesia, Pakistan, Brunei Darussalam, Malaysia, Singapore, India, Nepal, Pakistan, Thailand and other Asian territories.
KNAZ broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 22 from a transmitter located southeast of Flagstaff in rural Coconino County.
The network is viewable in nearly 1,000,000 digitally cabled homes in the Indianapolis, Lafayette and Terre Haute DMAs.
It would air most hip songs at the time.
The station is owned by the Ana G. Méndez University System and is branded as Sistema TV.
Because of the limited reach of the signal, most viewers received the programming via an online stream.
Fine Living is a European television channel, owned and operated by Scripps Networks Interactive, an American media company.
Nowadays the channel mainly consists of news, sports and entertainment programmes with a focus on reruns from SVT1 and SVT2.
It is owned by Ohio State University, and operates full-time satellite WPBO-TV in Portsmouth, Ohio.
The channel is based out of the company's offices on M-32 in the city.
The network also airs English language news from Deutsche Welle, NHK and France 24, as well as various documentaries and world music videos.
The facilities for WDAY-AM-TV are on South 8th Street in downtown Fargo.
It broadcasts an analog signal on UHF channel 24 from a transmitter on Midway Road, along U.S. 641, in unincorporated Calloway County.
WGNM maintains studio facilities located on Steven Drive in northwestern Macon, and its transmitter is located on GA 87/U.S.
Al Jazeera English's news programming was replaced by that of France 24.
It is targeted at female audiences and broadcasts movies, television series and soap operas.
Its studios are located at the GMA Network Center, at the corner of Timog Avenue and Epifanio de los Santos Avenue in Quezon City.
In 1996 Telemetro and RPC TV merged and formed Corporacion Medcom.
KIII is an ABC-affiliated television station in Corpus Christi, Texas.
The rest of the schedule fills a common program with magazines, documentaries and current affairs programs.
WOST is a semi-satellite station in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico and is also part of the TeleMar Television Network.
This broadcasts on UHF channel 34.3 from a transmitter, southwest of Palm City and I-95/SR 9, in unincorporated Martin County.
February 2010 in the Middle East & North Africa on OSN
The station is owned by San Diego State University.
These stations are not related to WRLM in Canton, Ohio, whose licensee name is the similar "Radiant Light Ministries".
The channel rebranded on the 13 June 2017 at 8:46 PM to unveil a new look and new shows.
Diva TV closed on 14 February 2012 at midnight with its most popular programmes shifted to the Style Network.
It is currently composed of twelve teams.
The channel features reviews, previews, box office collections, details of new and upcoming releases, trade speculations of Hindi films.
It is operated by the Wusha Corporation and based in Sulaimaniya.
It offers a variety of free content, such as news updates and programmes seen on TVNZ channels.
The station is owned by Raycom Media.
The FCC approved HSH Charleston's purchase of channel 4 on December 4, 2014; the call letters became WGWG on March 11, 2015.
Cartoon Hangover is now available on VRV
A timeshift version is available in Bangladesh.
SVT Extra was a Swedish television channel owned and operated by Sveriges Television.
WOUB-TV channel 20 is a non-commercial educational television station licensed to Ohio University in Athens, Ohio.
It was launched on 21 May 2011, after the Egyptian uprising in January 2011.
PTC Punjabi is a Canadian exempt Category B Punjabi language specialty channel and is owned by Gurbaz Punjabi Media Inc.
Fox life is aimed at viewers in India and other south Asian countries including Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh, Pakistan and Sri Lanka.
Many Danish and Dutch cable networks also relay the signal.
The founders of the TV channel are Alexander Batanov and Ivan Demidov.
The station carries programming from Youtoo America.
Rikstoto Direkte is a Norwegian TV channel showing Norwegian and international horse races.
However, it could only be received with a digital set-top box by home viewers.
K42HI signed off at 12:00pm CDT on Friday, June 10, 2011.
Today, the simulcasts include a three-hour weekday morning newscast, a weeknight newscast at 5:30 and a nightly primetime newscast from 9-10 p.m.
KMTW, virtual channel 36, is a MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station serving Wichita, Kansas, United States that is licensed to Hutchinson.
SportTV broadcasts mainly association football, basketball, volleyball, rugby, surf, golf, athletics, wrestling and American sports, combat sports, auto racing and tennis.
The station is owned by the Meredith Corporation.
WLEX-DT2 can also be viewed on Time Warner Cable channel 186 in Lexington, and Frankfort Plant Board channel 29.
TRT Haber is a Turkish television station.
