Forensic Files is an American documentary-style series which reveals how forensic science is used to solve violent crimes, mysterious accidents, and even outbreaks of illness.
Jose Manuel landed in 5th Place in El show de los sueños: Sangre de mi sangre.
5 drama in the 18–49 key demographic.
The sitcom was created by Bill Lawrence and Kevin Biegel.
Registrar Nick Jordan clashes professionally with his estranged wife Karen Newburn, and pursues relationships with registrar Kirstie Collins and theatre sister Ellie Sharpe.
It was also released on DVD in Japan over five discs between April 8 and August 8, 2008 by Aniplex.
The top candidates had chances to get trained in Paris.
In the tenth episode of the season Giacomo Gianniotti was also promoted to series regular status as intern Andrew DeLuca.
Logan Echolls is accused of killing a Pacific Coast Highway biker gang member after drunkenly picking a fight with Eli "Weevil" Navarro and the PCHers.
The original broadcast of the pilot episode on October 2, 2011 received 1.08 million viewers, becoming Showtime's highest-rated drama premiere in eight years.
It was executively produced by FremantleMedia's director of drama Jo Porter.
The tenth series of Top Gear was aired during 2007 and consisted of 10 episodes, beginning on 7 October and concluding on 23 December.
Tony was also the third professional to win after being eliminated first the previous season.
The series was developed by Graham Yost based on Elmore Leonard's novels Pronto and Riding the Rap and his short story "Fire in the Hole".
Charmed comics were officially licensed continuations of the popular television series of the same name, which ended its eight-year run in 2006.
Davies, Julie Gardner and Mal Young served as executive producers, Phil Collinson as producer.
This article lists and details episodes from the fifth series of the show, which was first broadcast in 1998.
The season is also available for purchase by registered users on the U.S. iTunes Store.
Eureka Seven is an anime series created and produced by Bones and directed by Tomoki Kyoda.
Lexie Grey first decides that she's going to give Mark a second chance but later starts a relationship with Jackson Avery.
The season ranked as the ninety-fourth most watched television series during the 2012–13 television year and saw a decrease in ratings from the previous season.
The Japanese opening song is "Best Wishes!"
Tara Butters, Michele Fazekas, and Chris Dingess served as showrunners.
It was later announced that the show would stay in its Monday 9:00 p.m. timeslot as a lead-out to 90210.
Guest stars in season five include Gina Torres and Lena Olin.
This season ended on January 29, 2011 and is followed by a fourth season.
Like its predecessor, Asylum was well received by television critics and fans.
Like seasons 2 and 3, this season was released on DVD in Europe only.
The strike also resulted in the writing team using an unused script from the aborted Star Trek: Phase II to open the season, entitled "The Child".
The season hit the series' low for ratings as it ended with an average of 10.92 million viewers ranking at no.
The fourth season takes place three years after the Tobin case.
Vietnam's Next Top Model, Cycle 1 is the first cycle of Top Model franchise to be produced in Vietnam by Vietnam Television and Multimedia JSC.
The fourth season of the Australian Dancing with the Stars TV series premiered on Tuesday 21 February 2006 and concluded on Tuesday 9 May 2006.
China, India, South Korea, and Taiwan were also not represented this cycle.
Like the previous season, 10 celebrities were paired with 10 professional ballroom dancers.
We also explore the heart warming arrival into the Rafters world of Dave's birth mother Chel, opening in the process the door to further family revelations.
The American Chopper series consists of several main seasons and also types of episodes.
The first part of the season was broadcast from July 15 to September 2, 2012, and aired on Sundays at 10:00 pm ET.
The fourth season of the TV Land original sitcom Hot in Cleveland premiered on November 28, 2012 and concluded September 4, 2013.
In this season, the writers introduced Seven in an attempt to give the Bundys a third child.
The main cast for the series includes Philip Winchester, Sullivan Stapleton, Rhona Mitra, Michelle Lukes, Rhashan Stone, Liam Garrigan, Charles Dance and Vincent Regan.
Aniplex released the series in Japan on Blu-ray and DVD from February 25, 2015.
The season itself was released on DVD as a four disc set on November 18, 2008, by Disney DVD.
The winner of the first and most successful season was Myriam Montemayor Cruz in December 2002.
It featured the same intro as the fourth season, but reverted to the original half-hour format.
Karen Barber, Nicky Slater, Jason Gardiner and Robin Cousins returned to The Ice Panel.
During the season, the Titans recruit heroes from around the world to help fight against the Brotherhood of Evil.
It features an image of PC June Ackland.
The series is based loosely on the book of the same name by Melissa de la Cruz.
Kung Fu Panda: Legends of Awesomeness is an American computer-animated television series spun off from the Kung Fu Panda films.
Michael Faustino makes his second guest appearance.
This was the final season for Victoria Jackson.
Sirtis took over Crosby's role as Deanna Troi, and Crosby became Tasha Yar, who had been named Macha Hernandez while Sirtis held the part.
The judges for this season were Mari-Liis Helvik, Toomas Volkmann, and Liisi Eesmaa, who also served as the show's host.
In November 2008, it was announced that after 14 years on FOX, Mad TV would be cancelled at the end of the 2008-2009 season.
The fifth season of Offspring, an Australian drama television series, premiered on Network TEN on 14 May 2014 and concluded on 6 August 2014.
Their journey leads to Ba Sing Se, the capital of the Earth Kingdom, where they uncover great internal government corruption.
The musical scores used throughout the first season proved to be a commercial success, with over seven million copies of Glee cast single releases purchased digitally.
Executive producer Al Jean stated that Edna Krabappel will be retired from the show following the death of Marcia Wallace on October 25, 2013.
Like Kel Mitchell and Kenan Thompson years earlier, producers offered Bynes her own show.
Other forms of special effects, including prosthetics, were used to present the abnormals.
The winner of the competition was 18-year-old Alice Burdeu from Melbourne.
On 13 November, Ewelina Lisowska and her partner Tomasz Barański were crowned the champions.
Season five regular cast members include Jared Padalecki, Jensen Ackles and Misha Collins, who was promoted to series regular this season.
USA Network picked up the program, initially ordering an eleven-episode season.
On 23 June 2012, it was announced that Karen Hauer of Burn the Floor fame would replace Virshilas.
The second season of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles aired on Nickelodeon from October 12, 2013 to September 26, 2014.
The season initially ran from January 17, 2006 to August 1, 2006 in Japan on TV Tokyo.
Scenes set inside the Major Case Squad department were filmed in a studio at Chelsea Piers, Manhattan.
Home and Away: Romances is an exclusive-to-DVD special of Australia's most popular soap Home and Away.
Oliver Grainger has replaced Michael Caloz as D.W. due to Caloz's voice changing after the previous season.
The characters face romances and relationship issues, family obligations, overwhelming paperwork, and a tremendous number of patients.
The season was commissioned by Cartoon Network in October 2012, ordering 26 episodes.
The new HMAS Hammersley was of the Armidale class, reflecting the real-life changeover in the Australian fleet.
Brett McGregor and Kelly Young competed in the final showdown with Brett emerging as the first New Zealand MasterChef.
Two of the main cast, Sheldon and Leonard, are named after actor, director, and producer Sheldon Leonard.
The second half of the third season premiered on April 15, 2011 until it was moved to Monday nights on April 25, 2011.
Olympic athlete Robson Caetano & Ivonete Liberato won the competition over Zorra Total cast member Stepan Nercessian & Michelle Cerbino.
The season saw the introduction of a new lead character in Hollis.
The first series finale took place on March 19, 2011.
However, the last seasons of La Academia have had declining ratings, being aired against the Mexican version of The Voice, produced by Televisa.
Other writers who worked on this series included Phil Ford, Mark Gatiss, Stephen Thompson, Gareth Roberts, Peter Harness, Jamie Mathieson, and novelist Frank Cottrell-Boyce.
Original depictions list the character as "General Zod".
Due to the legal suppression, the release was not able to be distributed through any retail or rental outlets in Victoria or on the internet.
This is the second and final season of Sera Gamble as showrunner, with Jeremy Carver taking over the role for season eight.
From episode 78 to 97, comprising the "Chapter Omega Awakens", the opening theme is "Senkō Strings" performed by the band Cyntia.
The last ten episode deal with the aftermath of Yugi's duel with Pegasus, featuring two episode sagas: "Legendary Heroes" and "Dungeon Dice Monsters".
The twelfth series of the British television drama series Grange Hill began broadcasting on 3 January 1989, before ending on 10 March 1989 on BBC One.
The series began airing in Japan from February 7, 2010 and January 30, 2011, replacing Fresh Pretty Cure!
Top Model po-russki, cycle 4 was the fourth installment of the Russian adaptation of Tyra Banks' America's Next Top Model.
The series was presented by Davina McCall and Alex Brooker.
Austria's Next Topmodel, cycle 1 was the first cycle of the Austrian reality documentary based on Tyra Banks America's Next Top Model.
The series centers on Kiera Cameron as she time travels from 2077 to 2012 with a group of terrorists, and attempts to find a way home.
The first ending theme is "Shinkokyū" by Super Beaver used for only the first three episodes of the season.
This article lists and details episodes from the seventeenth series of the show, which was first broadcast in 2013.
The music is being composed by Makoto Yoshimori.
The fifth season of the American television comedy series Louie premiered on April 9, 2015, and concluded on May 28, 2015.
Man v. Food is hosted by actor and food enthusiast Adam Richman.
Writers have been able to use a semi-floating timeline, so that the issues depicted are modern for their viewers.
At a family dinner, Rhys tells all to his family hurting Kirsty the most.
After much speculation, that member was Brian, after being hit by a car in the episode "Life of Brian".
The entire season was released on DVD in North America on December 14, 2004.
Season 3 will begin with 14 episodes broadcast before going on a hiatus until March 2011.
The two-hour series finale of CSI: Crime Scene Investigation aired on September 27, 2015 on CBS.
Ons geluk is a Flemish television series made by the Belgian channel vtm in 1995-1996.
FX broadcast the fourth season on Mondays at 10:00 and 10:30 pm in the United States with back-to-back episodes.
FX broadcast the third season on Thursdays at 10:30 pm in the United States.
It changed from Wednesdays to Mondays from Monday October 12, 2009.
The scripts of the first series entitled Green Wing: The Complete First Series Scripts were released in paperback on 22 October 2006.
The Black team was formed with the 6 remaining contestants who were not selected for the Red and Blue teams.
House of Bryan is a Canadian home renovation television series which premiered in 2010 on HGTV Canada.
The second season of the American sitcom Frasier commenced airing in the United States on September 20, 1994 and concluded on May 23, 1995.
The second block of 21 episodes switched the opening theme song to "Mega" performed by Yusuke for the opening theme and "Peace Smile!"
The season concluded on May 19, 1999 after 26 episodes.
The season is simulcast by North American licensor Funimation Entertainment, subtitled in English on their website, and by Crunchyroll.
It was later announced it would move to a new time-slot on Wednesdays at 9:30pm, as a lead-in to new series Revenge.
The season was nominated for two Primetime Emmy Awards and Dan Castellaneta would win one for his performance as Homer in "Mr.
The series concluded on 16 April 2013 after 8 episodes and a special episode counting down the best bits from the series.
It was the first season to premiere on Teletoon first.
City Hunter was broadcast for 51 episodes between April 6, 1987 and March 28, 1988.
The season concluded after 26 episodes on May 22, 2002.
The style of the programme also noticeably changes, becoming less police procedural and more "soap opera".
Each season comprises 22-24 issues and one story arc spans between five and seven issues which is reprinted in graphic novel form.
The season finale aired on May 5, 2013.
The story focuses on Momona, a girl from Jewel Land who accidentally gets transported into a mysterious place during her cousin's wedding reception.
The Opening theme is titled "Happy☆Twinkle" by former AKB48 member Kayano Masuyama featuring Ayaka Saito and Miyuki Sawashiro as both Ruby and Labra.
Originally called The Seinfeld Chronicles, the series' name was shortened to Seinfeld to avoid confusion with another sitcom called The Marshall Chronicles.
The village itself has a difference in elevation of 100 meters.
The series' main story arc revolves around the mystery of a being called the Hybrid, the combination of two great warrior races.
Critically, the season was initially brushed off, but contemporary reviews have seen the season in a much more positive light.
It is a remake of the Mexican telenovela Amor en silencio, produced in 1988.
Season one regular cast members include Courteney Cox, Christa Miller, Busy Philipps, Brian Van Holt, Dan Byrd, Ian Gomez, and Josh Hopkins.
Following the success of its fifth season, Regular Show was renewed for a sixth season on October 29, 2013.
This season and season four are "anime-only", which are not direct adaptations of the Bleach manga by Tite Kubo.
The fifth series of Let's Dance began on 14 March 2012.
It was later obtained by the Anime Network for streaming.
Her show Shop This Room premieres on August 4.
The review was eventually posted back on the site in December 2010.
The series three premiere was watched by 6.49 million viewers.
Homebase is set at Pipemakers Park, Maribyrnong River.
This season featured 33-year-old Chris Soules, a farmer from Arlington, Iowa.
It included the pilot "It Never Entered My Mind" from Jake and The Fatman.
It was distributed by Columbia Pictures Television in the United States and, originally, Metromedia Producers Corporation in Canada and some other parts of the world.
Season 3 was the first televised season of The Jack Benny Program to air on a regular schedule, appearing once every four weeks.
Twilight becomes close friends with five other ponies: Applejack, Rarity, Fluttershy, Rainbow Dash, and Pinkie Pie.
This is a list of episodes from the second season of the 1967 Dragnet series.
Season three kicked off with a special Christmas episode.
This season's mystery sees the housewives deal with covering up the murder of Gabrielle's stepfather, Alejandro Perez, from the previous season's finale.
The second series of City Homicide, an Australian Police procedural drama television series, began on 30 June 2008 on the Seven Network.
The show was broadcast on Wednesdays at 9 p.m. EST, with the exception of the series premiere, which aired immediately after Super Bowl XXVII.
Each episode of the season occurs over approximately the same stretch of time, but focuses on a different character.
"Sarari" by Suneohair is used as the insert song of episode 12.
jokes upset Ohlmeyer, who was good friends with Simpson.
The anime is based on the Lupin III manga written by Monkey Punch beginning in 1967.
The miniseries' story was developed by series creator Pendleton Ward, showrunner Adam Muto, head writer Kent Osborne, and staff writer Jack Pendarvis.
They have been given this ability in order to collect the fifty-five Pinkies spread across the land and save the Palmier Kingdom.
The unaired episode, "Unearthed", was aired a few days before episode 12 of season 2 entitled "Johari Window" as a special episode.
The ninth season of the Bleach anime series is named The New Captain Shūsuke Amagai arc.
This season is often noted as Road Rules: Australia.
The fourth and final season of Beauty & the Beast consists of 13 episodes.
The eighth series in fact followed in October 2014.
All the professionals dancers from season one, with the exception of Alec Mazo and Charlotte Jørgensen, were a part of season two.
The 34-episode season originally ran from March 1990 until January 1991 in Japan on Fuji Television.
Later in the season, Sergeant Dominic Wales dies in a bomb blast.
Season two of the Dancing with the Stars premiered on the ABC network on January 5, 2006, and ended February 24, 2006.
This season premiered on June 24, 2012 with "Big Bro" and ended with "Totem Pole" on August 26, 2012, with a total of ten episodes.
Eight former NHL ice hockey players were paired with eight professional female figure skaters.
The first season of twenty-two episodes concluded its initial airing on May 10, 2002.
Warner Bros. Home Video released the fifth season on DVD in the United States and Canada on July 22, 2008.
This season broke with the previous seasons in presenting hour-long episodes instead of the earlier half-hour episodes.
This is a list of episodes for the third season of the television version of The Jack Benny Program.
by Mayumi Gojo with Young Fresh, whilst the second ending theme, used for episodes 37-47 is "Wonder Winter Yatta" by Gojo.
The entire cast of the previous season left the show.
The 41-episode season concluded 20 November 2002.
Season six aired on Sundays at 9:00 pm ET and consisted of 13 episodes.
It was then renewed for a second season on January 12, 2010.
Some episodes in this series have two titles: the original titles from the U.K. broadcasts are shown on top, while the American-adapted titles are shown underneath.
This was the first and only season of Angel to air following the finale of Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
It is a sequel to Total Drama Island, Total Drama Action, Total Drama World Tour, and Total Drama: Revenge of the Island.
The second and final ending theme is "Moonlight Densetsu" performed by Moon Lips.
Aqua Teen Hunger Force Forever is the alternative title given to the eleventh and final season of the animated television series, Aqua Teen Hunger Force.
On March 3, 2016, ABC renewed the show for an eighth season.
The anime adaptation is produced by NAZ animation studio of Japan and chiefly directed by Seiji Kishi.
The anime began airing in Japan on January 8, 2010.
The third season of the television series, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit premiered Friday, September 28, 2001 and ended Friday, May 17, 2002 on NBC.
The contestants competed to win a $250,000 prize, which was awarded to Jeremy Britt, the contestant with the highest percentage of weight lost.
The series depicted the impact that suspicion and media attention have on the community.
Sanctuary's first season aired in over 50 countries worldwide.
She subsequently starts her own small firm in a storefront that used to be a shoe store where she defends clients charged with serious crimes.
Nevertheless, Desperate Housewives maintained its position as a top-ten series.
The entire cast from last season returned for their second on the show.
It receives around 200,000 viewers per episode in New Zealand, and is constantly rated in the top 5 for TV2 every Monday.
This was the final series to feature Lauren Goodger until her return during the The Only Way Is Essexmas special in 2015.
The ending theme of the fourth episode is "Everyday World -Ballade Arrange-Yui Solo Ver."
The show features fitness trainers Christine Bullock and Mitch Chilson.
Toward the end of the season, Don is stabbed, and Charlie blames himself for it.
The third season of the animated show Metalocalypse originally aired on Adult Swim from November 8, 2009 to October 24, 2010 with 10 episodes.
Season 3 concluded on August 16, 2011 and was cancelled shortly after.
It consisted of 13 episodes, each running approximately 47 minutes in length.
The series ran on E4 and began on 25 October 2010.
The second season of MacGyver, an American television series, began September 22, 1986, and ended on May 4, 1987.
The series follows the lives of the staff and pupils of the eponymous school, an inner-city London comprehensive school.
Season 2 is also the first Oxygen original series to ever break the one million viewer mark.
The season was produced by Chuck Lorre Productions and Warner Bros. Television, with series creators Chuck Lorre, Eddie Gorodetsky and Gemma Baker serving as executive producer.
Other non returning cast members included Jeremy Lindsay Taylor, whose position has been filled by Conrad Coleby and Jay Ryan, replaced by Danielle Horvat.
The Complete Second Season DVD was released in Region 1 in 2007.
The most watched episode had 16.2 million viewers and the least watched had 6.2 million viewers.
The series aired in Japan between February 1, 2004 and January 30, 2005.
Nonetheless, the show managed to get a spot in the twenty most watched series in the 2009-2010 television season, at number twenty, averaging 12.82 million viewers.
"Bitter Bitter Sweet" performed by Yukino Yukinoshita and Yui Yuigahama is used as the insert song of the twelfth episode.
The season began with "Bite Night" and ended with "Larj In Love".
The seventh season of the American animated comedy television series Regular Show, created by J. G. Quintel, originally aired on Cartoon Network in the United States.
Piotr Gąsowski and Maciej Dowbor returned as the hosts.
The series follows the lives of the children living in the fictional children's care home of Ashdene Ridge, nicknamed by them "The Dumping Ground".
The first compilation was released on January 20, 2004, with the seventh released on October 5, 2004.
Characters from Murder House made appearances in the series' fifth season, Hotel.
The season contains four hold-over episodes from the season 11 production line.
Many changes happened before the start of the season.
The seventh season of the American television comedy series How I Met Your Mother was announced in March 2011, along with confirmation of an eighth season.
The fourth season concluded in its entirety on February 1, 2017.
He was cast for the role after having previously worked with House's creator David Shore on CBS' Hack.
22 episodes have been ordered for Season five.
It was released on DVD in the United States on August 30, 2011.
Dancing on Ice returned for an eighth series on 6 January 2013 and ended on 10 March 2013.
The first season of American animated television series Regular Show originally aired on Cartoon Network in the United States.
Bandleader Ray Chew replaced the Harold Wheeler orchestra and singers.
It was the first instance in North American television where RED cameras were used.
The fifth season was released on DVD in region 1 on July 16, 2013.
These first two shows were billed as a qualifying stage, with twelve of the couples going through to the main competition, which started on 23 January.
It later aired on October 2, 2011.
The episodes aired in a heavily edited, dubbed format released by Funimation Entertainment in association with Geneon, Saban Entertainment and the Canadian dubbing studio Ocean Productions.
It consisted of thirteen episodes, bringing the series total to 26.
Episode 7, "Hammer Down", was the second part of a three-part crossover with CSI: Miami and CSI: Crime Scene Investigation called CSI: Trilogy.
Now, the group need to gather all the Deco Stones and stop the Eternal Darkness from taking over the human world.
The season features the conclusion of several plot-lines introduced in season two, while also introducing several new plot elements.
This series is expected to run for 8 episodes and will conclude on 18 June 2013.
The season premiere aired on January 4, 2010.
The CW officially renewed the show for a third season on February 16, 2010.
On May 7, 2015, ABC announced the renewal of Grey's Anatomy for a twelfth season as part of their 2015-16 TV lineup.
Bad Girls Club: Twisted Sisters is the fifteenth season of the Oxygen reality television series Bad Girls Club.
The first opening theme, "Kaze" by Yamazaru, is used from episode 414 to 431.
The first series of Dancing on Ice aired on ITV from 14 January 2006 until 4 March.
The sixth season of 30 Rock, an American television comedy series on the NBC network in the United States, began airing on January 12, 2012.
Regular cast members during season nine include Tom Welling, Allison Mack, Erica Durance, Cassidy Freeman, Justin Hartley, and Callum Blue.
This is a list of episodes from the fifth season of Ironside.
The season ended with a two-part season finale called "Judgment Day".
It consisted of seven episodes, each running approximately 48 minutes in length, except the pilot episode which runs approximately 58 minutes.
The mini-series follows super deformed versions of Mitsuki, Mirai, Sakura, and Ai as they put wrong-doers on trial and sentence them following an idol stage performance.
Danmarks Næste Topmodel, cycle 6 was the sixth cycle of Danmarks Næste Topmodel.
The seventh cycle of Australia's Next Top Model began airing on 8 August 2011 on Fox8.
The winner received a prize of up to VND2 billion.
's fourth season was originally shown in the USA from September 23, 2007, to May 18, 2008.
The single opening theme is "BLUE" by ViViD.
This season features 26-year-old Ben Higgins, a software salesman from Warsaw, Indiana.
Also, the second season featured Ali Zafar and Strings performing for the second time at Coke Studio as they were also part of the first season.
Fourteen pieces of theme music have been used for this season.
It has broadcast 400 episodes since its debut on TLC in 1996 as Medical Detectives.
It has broadcast 400 episodes since its debut on TLC in 1996 as Medical Detectives.
The series focuses on three Cures, Love Momozono, Miki Aono and Inori Yamabuki, who transform into Cure Peach, Cure Berry, and Cure Pine, respectively.
Starting this season, Alan Dedicoat, the announcer, introduces Harold Wheeler and his band after the introduction of the remaining competitors.
The first season of the television series Lud, Zbunjen, Normalan aired between September 2, 2007 and June 1, 2008 on FTV in Bosnia.
The series chronicles the exploits and adventures of the title character and his various friends in the fictional underwater city of Bikini Bottom.
Your Lie in April is a Japanese anime television series adapted from the manga series of the same name by Naoshi Arakawa.
Mike and Molly live in the home of Molly's mother Joyce and sister Victoria.
The fifth season of 30 Rock, an American television comedy series on the NBC network in the United States, began airing on September 23, 2010.
The series was once again broadcast on BBC1, and was overseen by series creator Paul Mendelson.
The hotel is loosely based on an actual hotel built in 1893 by H. H. Holmes in Chicago, Il.
The first episode, "Reborn", introduces Amanda's lover and pre-Immortal Nick Wolfe.
At the end of the season the Stewarts and Lilly move from Malibu while Oliver prepares to go on tour with a band.
The series stars Donald Faison, Wayne Knight, Kristen Johnston, David Alan Basche and Kelly Stables.
This is a list of season 8 episodes of the Extreme Makeover: Home Edition series.
Season One started in Mid-October and continued for six weeks.
It consisted of 28 episodes, giving the series a total of 49 episodes thus far.
Richard Dinan also returned to the series having last appeared during the fifth series, and Francis Boulle made a one-off return during the Christmas special.
The sixth season of Friends, an American sitcom created by David Crane and Marta Kauffman, premiered on NBC on September 23, 1999.
The Jack Benny Program would last until 1965, but Jack would still occasionally do one-hour specials.
The season received mixed reviews from critics, some of whom believed the show was clichéd and re-trod the path of old sitcoms.
People moved from Old-Masuleh to the current city because of pestilence and attacks from neighbouring communities.
The Wall Street Journal pointed to a few possible problems: It could be too old, or it may be shown on TV too often.
The fifth season was received positively by television critics, earning 78 out of 100 on the aggregate review website Metacritic, indicating a "generally favorable" critical reception.
ET onwards, through Fox Interactive Media's MySpace and MyFoxLocal stations.
On May 7, 2015, the show was renewed for a third season.
Seth was awarded $50,000 for his second-place finish, and Suzy was awarded $25,000 for third.
The series serves as a re-imaging of Prisoner, which aired on Network Ten from 1979 to 1986.
This provokes Neptune's wrath and Keith's ousting as sheriff in a recall election.
The season was won by Ayden & Jess Hogan who received $100,000 with half to charity & a Mazda CX-5.
The series is rated TV-Y7 for the first four seasons, and TV-Y7-FV for the fifth.
Hyneman and Savage would be the sole hosts of the show from this point onwards.
With her win, she represented the Netherlands at Ford Models Supermodel of the World competition, ultimately winning the competition and a contract with the agency.
Auditions were held during October and November 2007 across Australia.
The season contains 18 episodes and concluded airing on March 25, 2009.
The series is produced by the team who created the Seven reality show My Kitchen Rules and is hosted by Johanna Griggs.
It's cut-off by snow during the winter months.
For the first season, the opening theme is "Staccato Days" by Yuka Iguchi and Kana Asumi.
The eighth series of MasterChef Australia premiered on Sunday, 1 May 2016 on Network Ten.
The Region 1 DVD was released on May 2, 2006.
Like the rest of the series, it follows the adventures of Natsu Dragneel and Lucy Heartfilia of the fictional guild, Fairy Tail.
The third season of the American ABC fantasy-drama Once Upon a Time was announced on May 10, 2013.
Nadia became New Zealand's second MasterChef, beating Jax 88 points to 75.
Initial reviews were mixed, with concern that the series would be restricted by the early timeslot, poor scripts, and clichéd characters and storylines.
Senior Constable Michael Sandrelli is fired from TR to go on an undercover mission.
The season was produced by ABC Studios, in association with ShondaLand Production Company; the showrunner being Shonda Rhimes.
Writers also brought in other popular DC Comics characters, such as Bart Allen, Mister Mxyzptlk, and Sam and Lucy Lane.
The season five budget was reportedly $3.5 million per episode, but the season six budget was only $3 million per episode.
It is produced by Sachs/Judah Productions, and Sony Pictures Television with series creators Gabe Sachs and Jeff Judah serving as executive producers.
This season was filmed from late summer 2006 through February 2007.
The series ran for 48 episodes, including two multi-episode crossovers with Holby City, broadcast as Casualty@Holby City.
Seiji Kishi is directing the series while Jun Kumagi is the main writer.
The English version began to air on Sci-Fi's Ani-Monday block, airing two episodes a week, starting July 28, 2008.
The first series of the British spy drama television series Spooks began broadcasting on 13 May 2002 on BBC One, before ending on 17 June 2002.
Note that not all translations for the episode titles are official.
This season marked the first time that the final two home cooks were both female.
Each week, saw keen bakers put through three challenges in a particular discipline.
Season seven of Stargate SG-1, an American-Canadian television series, began airing on June 13, 2003 on Sci Fi.
The DVD box set of season 7 was released for Region 1 on June 28, 2005.
This season marks Woody Harrelson's television debut as Woody Boyd after Nicholas Colasanto, who portrayed Coach Ernie Pantusso, died during the previous season.
The season was licensed for a dubbed broadcast in English by Animax Asia, which released it as part of "Season 2".
The first City Hunter series was released on the ADV Fansubs label in March 2000.
Season one of Star Trek: Enterprise, an American television series, began airing on September 26, 2001, on UPN.
From there, the duo would begin starring on their own show, Kenan & Kel.
The season consisted of 22 half-hour episodes, and 2 hour-long episodes to comprise the 26 total episodes of material created.
Forensic Files is an American documentary-style series which reveals how forensic science is used to solve violent crimes, mysterious accidents, and even outbreaks of illness.
Their absences are never explained to the audience.
This was followed by an acquisition by AnimeLab for an online simulcast in Australia and New Zealand.
The first series aired Mondays at 8:30pm in Australia and averaged 1.611 viewers.
Gary Quesenberry, Alex Charvat, and Phil Morden returned for Top Shot: All-Stars.
The episode was written by DJ Doyle, and directed by Elodie Keene.
He uses them to capture Yugi's friends and Kaiba's brother, to lure them out to duel for the Egyptian Gods.
During this year, ratings for the season fell dramatically.
The season premiered on October 3, 2006.
Starting with the second episode, one driver "graduates" from the rehabilitation program and is eliminated from contention for the series' dubious title.
The second season of the American television series Raising Hope premiered on September 20, 2011, on Fox.
Only 37 out of 44 episodes are held in the BBC archives; 7 remain missing.
In February, the show moved to 8:30 ET on Thursdays, following The Big Bang Theory.
The season aired its premiere in the United States between February 20, 2016 and January 21, 2017 on Cartoon Network.
The main cast for the season consisted of Small, Janine Ditullio, H. Jon Benjamin, and Melissa Bardin Galsky.
The series was then released as a DVD and Blu-ray collection.
The series was filmed at Pinewood Studios in London, in front of a live audience.
Season four of South Park, an American animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, began airing on April 5, 2000.
Season 7 of Winx Club carries on the theme of recent season by carrying a strong environmental message.
Together, Airi and the Jewelpets much help each other to solve mysteries and also find a way to bring the castle back to Jewel Land.
The first DVD volume was released on November 26, 2009 and the second on December 16, 2009.
The episode numbering scheme for the show changed again in this season.
The fifth season of Law & Order: Criminal Intent premiered on NBC on September 25, 2005, and ended on May 14, 2006.
It was also picked up by Crunchyroll for online simulcast streaming in North America and other select parts of the world.
Actress and model Karina Bacchi won the competition over actor Alexandre Barillari.
The three would provide new life to the show.
In addition, series composition and script writing for all episodes were done by Makoto Uezu while the musical score was composed by Kotaro Nakagawa.
The rest of season 3 episodes will be aired on 30 August 2015.
Its seventh episode garnered especially strong praise.
Clark's relationship with Lana Lang becomes increasingly closer, straining his friendship with Chloe Sullivan.
As of June 23, 2017, 79 episodes of The Originals have aired, concluding the fourth season.
Season one of How to Be Indie first premiered on October 2, 2009 on YTV.
The ninth series was released on DVD in region 2 as a box set on 5 May 2008.
Episodes in this season were written and directed by Dave Willis and Matt Maiellaro.
James Pickens, Jr. and Chandra Wilson were nominated for Outstanding Actor and Outstanding Actress respectively at the 45th NAACP Image Awards.
A DVD of the series was released on 2 October 2006.
The series is set to start collection in Blu-ray and DVD volumes on September 26, 2014.
The first season of The Mighty B!
Mark Pellegrino plays the role of Lucifer, who was freed from Hell at the end of Season 4.
The producers also hired Tricia Dickson as a cast member midway through the season.
The ending theme, used for the first 33 episodes, is "Kaze mo Sora mo Kitto..." performed by Alisa Mizuki.
The second half focuses on Chuck's professional struggles trying to keep his father's business from his father's old rival and his relationship with Blair.
However, the last seasons of La Academia have had declining ratings, being aired against the Mexican version of The Voice, produced by Televisa.
This was the first season of the show to feature male contestants.
This season begins to drop little hints about Gibbs' past, and is the first to reference his first wife, Shannon, and his daughter, Kelly.
The episodes for the seventeenth season of the anime series Naruto: Shippuden are based on Part II for Masashi Kishimoto's manga series.
The Simpsons' seventh season originally aired on the Fox network between September 17, 1995 and May 19, 1996.
Bruce Gray and Sonja Smits starred as the firm's senior partners, Adam Cunningham and Sally Ross.
The season was evenly split; the first half aired in late-2015, and the second half aired in mid-2016.
Scott was nominated seven times for elimination, breaking Christina Machamer's record of five nominations, and became the Hell's Kitchen winner with the most nominations.
Executive Producers René Balcer and Ed Sherin leave the show at the end of the season.
Continuing the format from the first season, episodes generally moved a season-long story arc along.
The winner was Christina Kirkman who joined the show in the season opener.
The entire season of the television series was released on DVD in seven volumes from March 15, 2005 through May 16, 2006.
The ninth season was released on DVD in region 1 on September 2, 2014.
The season contains 13 episodes and concluded airing on September 8, 2011.
At the end of season one, Eric Johnson, who portrayed Whitney Fordman, had left the series.
A sequel to The Legend of Korra: Book 1, it focuses more on spiritual concepts and themes.
The seventh season of Tyler Perry's House of Payne began airing on March 30, 2011, and ended on June 15, 2011.
The village itself has a difference in elevation of 100 meters.
Regular cast members during season six include Tom Welling, Kristin Kreuk, Michael Rosenbaum, Allison Mack, Annette O'Toole, John Glover, and Erica Durance.
In this season, the Winx face a threat underwater and will have to face a new dreadful villain, Tritannus.
Various themes around current affairs and politics were discussed each episode with live debates taking place.
The series aired on YTV, who adjusted the episode numbers to match those of the original Japanese version, from June 12, 2000 to August 1, 2000.
It concludes the La Grenouille storyline which ended with a cliffhanger in season four's finale, "Angel of Death".
With twenty four episodes, season two is the longest season of the series.
The fourth season of the television comedy series Boy Meets World aired between September 20, 1996 and May 9, 1997, on ABC in the United States.
The series was adapted into an anime series produced by Sunrise and broadcast by Yomiuri Television.
The season introduced new cast members, including Max von Sydow, Pilou Asbæk and Essie Davis.
It stars Mireille Enos as homicide detective Sarah Linden and Joel Kinnaman as rookie detective Stephen Holder.
The season was released on DVD as a seven disc boxed set under the title of Beverly Hills, 90210: The Ninth Season by Paramount.
Top Model po-russki, cycle 5 was the fifth installment of the Russian adaptation of Tyra Banks' America's Next Top Model.
Series 4 of police drama Rush premiered on 1 September 2011 with a double episode.
People moved from Old-Masuleh to the current city because of pestilence and attacks from neighbouring communities.
This is a list of episodes from the second season of the original Star Trek series.
The show's first season included 50 semi-finalists, which were revealed on a weekly basis in clusters of five on the show's official Facebook page.
The episode "Margaritaville", which satirized the global recession then affecting much of the industrialized world, won the 2009 Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program.
Timothy Olyphant portrays Givens, a tough federal lawman, enforcing his own brand of justice in his Kentucky hometown.
The first ending theme, "Spinning World" by Diana Garnet, is used from episode 394 to 405.
Starting this season, David Cubitt joined the main cast.
The two-part episode "Legend" introduced the team who would later go on to appear in the spin-off TV series NCIS: Los Angeles.
The professional partners were revealed on October 17, 2013.
The seventh season of Law & Order: Criminal Intent premiered on USA Network on October 4, 2007, and ended on August 24, 2008.
This was Marion Edwards' first series as executive producer.
This season, the Results Show was moved to 8 pm on Tuesdays instead of the usual 9 pm slot.
The winner of the competition was 20-year-old Lauren McAvoy from Wickford, Essex.
Fifteen cast members reprised their roles from the previous series with three long-serving cast members departing during this series.
in its initial timeslot and was succeeded by Smile PreCure!.
Series 19 of British television drama The Bill was broadcast from 1 January until 31 December 2003.
After a long three-year absence of the show, the season premiere aired on May 19, 2008.
However, they encounter a conspiracy involving the Eclipse Project and the imminent destruction of the Fiore Kingdom.
Dani's House is a British children's comedy-drama series broadcast on CBBC and starring Dani Harmer.
The second season of CSI: Crime Scene Investigation premiered on CBS on September 27, 2001 and ended May 16, 2002.
This season lasted for 15 weeks due to one week with no elimination.
The series was available for streaming on Amazon Video devices four days after broadcast on CBS.
In New Zealand, the series began broadcast on 4 March where it has been advertised as Underbelly: The Mr Asia Story.
Behind the scene footage of the Divas is also included.
The series stars Valerie Bertinelli, Wendie Malick, Jane Leeves, and Betty White.
Several cast changes occurred, with Dylan Sprayberry becoming a series regular as Liam Dunbar, while Tyler Hoechlin left the show to pursue film roles.
HBO ordered the second season on April 19, 2011, which began filming in July 2011, primarily in Ireland, Northern Ireland, Croatia and Iceland.
The story follows the breakup of the Sutherland family as a secret from Rhys' past comes back to haunt him.
It was produced by Sachs/Judah Productions, and Sony Pictures Television with series creators Gabe Sachs and Jeff Judah serving as executive producers.
This was Adriana Colin's last season as co-hostess.
The fifth season of the CBS police procedural series The Mentalist premiered on September 30, 2012.
The first half of the season explores Dobie Gillis' life as a senior at Central High School.
The English opening song is "It's Always You and Me" by Neal Coomer and Kathryn Raio.
This is a list of season 4 episodes of the Extreme Makeover: Home Edition series.
The second season of the television series Dallas aired on during the 1978–79 TV season.
The winner of the competition was 19-year-old Tamara Slijkhuis from Apeldoorn, Gelderland.
Each represents a different face of friendship, and Twilight discovers herself to be a key part of the magical artifacts, the "Elements of Harmony".
are used for the first season—two opening themes and four closing themes.
The sixth series of On the Buses originally aired between 20 February 1972 and 2 April 1972, beginning with "No Smoke Without Fire".
The fifth series of the BBC espionage television series Spooks began broadcasting on 17 September 2006 before ending on 13 November 2006.
Craig Revel Horwood, Arlene Phillips, Len Goodman and Bruno Tonioli returned as judges.
On June 10, 2010, it was announced that the series had been renewed for a third season.
"Season 2.0" aired from July to September 2005, and "Season 2.5" aired from January to March 2006.
Regular Show was picked up by Cartoon Network, who decided to create a twelve-episode first season.
The show was created by Jeremy Brock and Paul Unwin after the pair were both hospitalised for different reasons.
It consisted of 22 episodes, each running approximately 22 minutes in length.
This article uses the original Japanese names.
This fast-paced reality competition features teams tracking down caches with the help of GPS technology.
During the season, Kevin Sussman became a part of the main cast as Stuart Bloom.
The producers later successfully pitched the series to the BBC after the networks' commissioning teams were replaced.
This season features Sam Wood, a 34-year-old Melbourne-based personal trainer, and founder of children's fitness company Gecko Kids, originally from Tasmania; courting 21 women.
During the week of April 7 to April 13, 2008, "The Fourth Guardian Egg!"
The second season of the American television comedy series How I Met Your Mother premiered on September 18, 2006 and concluded on May 14, 2007.
Bridie Carter, Simmone Jade Mackinnon, Rachael Carpani, Aaron Jeffery, Michala Banas, Brett Tucker, and Jonny Pasvolsky all returned as main cast members from the previous season.
The Doctor's investigation into this being ultimately leads him back to his home planet of Gallifrey, which returns fully in the series.
The third season featured 40 episodes including 9 special episodes bringing the episode count thus far to 82 episodes.
The first season was a ratings success for Comedy Central.
In region 4 the second season was released on November 16, 2005
Amanda Tapping's character Samantha Carter was downgraded to recurring character in this season.
Buena Vista released the season onto a DVD box-set, being made available to regions 1 and 2.
Hanabee Entertainment later licensed the series for release in Australia.
Most episodes in this series have two titles: the original titles from the U.K. broadcasts are shown on top, while the American-adapted titles are shown underneath.
The third season of MacGyver, an American television series, began September 21, 1987, and ended on May 9, 1988.
Season 2 ended on June 1, 2014 with 1.54 millions viewers.
The series continued with a winter premiere on January 3, 2012, ending on March 20, 2012, with 12 episodes.
After thirty-two episodes, the season one finale aired on May 26, 1993.
The sixth season concluded after 22 episodes on February 19, 2003 on British Sky One, which overtook the Sci-Fi Channel in mid-season.
The season consisted of 24 episodes and aired in the United States on Wednesdays at 10:30pm following Hot in Cleveland.
On October 21, 2008, Showtime commissioned a fourth and fifth season of Dexter, each consisting of 12 episodes.
The story centers on the lives of creatures called Bakugan and the battle brawlers who possess them.
The Fairly OddParents is a series of 10 shorts that aired as animated sketches in the Nickelodeon series Oh Yeah!
The second series of Made in Chelsea, a British structured-reality television programme, began airing on 19 September 2011 on E4.
The fifth season of the American television comedy series Rules of Engagement premiered on September 20, 2010.
This is a list of episodes for The Daily Show with Jon Stewart in 2014.
Screen on March 17, 2015, with a two-episode premiere, and concluded on June 2, 2015.
The winner of the competition was 19 year-old Nicky Opheij from Brabant.
This series was the last to feature the killing of an officer, PC Emma Keane.
The cast of the television series MythBusters perform experiments to verify or debunk urban legends, old wives' tales, and the like.
The season was filmed primarily in Laguna Beach, California, with additional footage in Los Angeles.
This is the list of episodes for The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson in 2011.
For the first time ever people could vote in Canada, Australia, and the United Kingdom.
and Dr. Cox, who now find themselves equals.
He appeared in the first four episodes to give closure to Kelso and he appeared again in the final episode titled "That '70s Finale".
The fourth season of the American television series Haven premiered on September 13, 2013 and consisted a total of 13 episodes.
The Hills focuses on the lives of Lauren Conrad, Audrina Patridge, Whitney Port, and Heidi Montag.
It also contained two episodes which were run by David Mirkin, and another two hold-over episodes which were run by Al Jean and Mike Reiss.
The official Star Gazer website hosts the complete scripts for each of the shows.
This was the first series where the "Tablet of Terror" gave the cast members the decision to evict one another in evil twists.
The first season of MasterChef Pakistan won by Ammara Noman who defeated Gulnaz and Madiha in series Finale on 27 July 2014.
However, All That still had a strong following and was one of the most popular shows on the network.
The Region 2 and 4 DVDs were respectively released on January 15 and June 20, 2007.
Volume 1, named "TMNT Fast Forward: Future Shellshock!
New episodes began airing in October 2005, with the saga concluding in November 2005.
This is a list of episodes from the sixth season of Mannix.
It is also the last season in the Underbelly franchise that contains 13 episodes.
Masouheh-Rood-Khan is the river passing through the city, with a waterfall located just 200 meters away from the village.
It surpassed the previous record of five set by the season 6 and 7 blue teams and the season 10 red team.
The anime was licensed by Sentai Filmworks for distribution via select digital outlets and a home media release in North America.
The fourth season premiered on September 9, 2009, and was released on DVD on July 27, 2010.
The twenty episodes featured in the season are based on Tite Kubo's Bleach manga series.
The entire cast from the previous season returned.
Eventually, Luffy must decide on whether to continue training or go back to Sabaody to see his friends once again.
They included Dana Carvey, Robert Downey, Jr., Phil Hartman, Chris Rock, Martin Short, Chevy Chase and Mike Myers.
The day following each episode's broadcast on television, they are made available to purchase and download from the iTunes Store.
The rules and format are similar to those of previous seasons.
The fifth season of 3rd Rock from the Sun, an American television series, began September 21, 1999, and ended on May 23, 2000.
One of the most prominent characters to leave was Superintendent Adam Okaro, whose promotion to Borough Commander saw his position replaced by new Superintendent John Heaton.
This is a list of Time Team episodes from series 13.
The first village of Masuleh was established around 1006 AD, 6 km northwest of the current city, and it is called Old-Masuleh.
Tamblyn was promoted to series regular on October 2, 2013.
In the United States, the season began airing from August 27, 2005 to June 10, 2006.
Stars Vincent D'Onofrio, Kathryn Erbe, Jamey Sheridan, and Courtney B. Vance returned for the fourth season.
The first episode aired on June 8, followed by the second episode being aired on June 29.
The pilot episode was watched by 12.93 million viewers and achieved an adult 18-49 rating/share of 4.0/10.
The first season of the crime drama television series Wentworth originally aired on SoHo in Australia.
The season's storyline begins and ends at 4:00 p.m.
In season three, it opened with 735,000 people watching, the highest out of all series' debuts.
This is a list of episodes for The Colbert Report in 2005 and 2006.
Manga Entertainment released it in two boxes in the United Kingdom on May 16 and July 11, 2011.
Hillenburg halted production on the show to work on the 2004 film adaptation of the series, The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Michala Banas joins the cast this season as Kate Manfredi, a friend of Jodi's.
Keenan, who is originally from Conwy, is the first Welsh winner of the franchise.
A New Reincarnation" took first and second place respectively.
A DVD of the season was released on June 26, 2007.
The pilot received a positive enough reaction that the BBC ordered a full series of episodes, premiering on 12 November 1973.
The story is about a group of five girls who have the ability to transform into Pretty Cure.
The series was broadcast on Cartoon Network's Toonami programming block in the United States.
The show was canceled on April due to low ratings.
Executives at Fox saw the Larry shorts and contracted MacFarlane to create a series based on the characters entitled Family Guy.
stars as a fictionalized version of himself, a comedian and newly divorced father raising his two daughters in New York City.
The season revolves around Veronica Mars, a high school student and private investigator in the fictional Southern California seaside town of Neptune.
Aykroyd and Belushi left to work on the film The Blues Brothers.
In addition, the skybox made a return to the show and the judges table returned to the left side of the ballroom.
The show stars Eddie McClintock, Joanne Kelly, Saul Rubinek, Allison Scagliotti and Genelle Williams.
The last three episodes were directed by Howard Ross and produced by Stuart Allen.
The fourth season of the Fairy Tail anime series was directed by Shinji Ishihira and produced by A-1 Pictures and Satelight.
The season aired from June 10, 2014 to March 24, 2015.
"North by North Quahog" was the first episode to air following the series' revival.
The English opening song is "Unbeatable" by David Rolfe.
The season began on 13 February 2011 at 4:30pm for a total of six episodes.
This is the 4th and final season of the relaunch era.
The DVD was originally released on September 25, 2007.
It aired from January 30 to December 10, 2016 on Nickelodeon.
The international destination during the cycle was Hong Kong, China, becoming the second occasion in which the series traveled to the country, after cycle 1.
The season finale, "Scary Sherry: Bianca's Toast", received the best reviews of the season and saw an increase in viewership.
The first opening theme, "Diver" by NICO Touches the Walls is used from episodes 197 to 205.
The episode "Living Witness", directed by Tim Russ, received special critical accommodation as one of the best episodes of the entire series.
Fox moved The Simpsons back to its original Sunday night time, having aired on Thursdays for the previous four seasons.
The show centers on protagonist Jackson "Jax" Teller, first shown as vice president then as president of the club, who begins questioning the club and himself.
The fifth season of the Tyler Perry's House of Payne began airing on December 3, 2008, and concluded on June 3, 2009.
This Season will be Kelly's first and final Season.
Andros becomes the new leader of the team, giving the former Turbo Rangers morphers to become the new Blue, Black, Yellow, and Pink Space Rangers.
Supermodel po-ukrainsky, season 2 was the second season of Supermodel po-ukrainsky.
The ending themes, used with the opening themes, are "Hitori Samishiku" by ShaNa, "Don't Think.
These 75-minute episodes originally aired as part of the NBC Mystery Movie lineup.
The season was filmed primarily in Ireland, Northern Ireland and Croatia.
The first season of Brothers & Sisters, an American serialized family-drama television series created by Jon Robin Baitz, began airing on September 24, 2006, on ABC.
The Dukes of Bröxstônia received the Children's Television Production of the Year Award at the 2013 Screen Producers Australia Awards.
The Japanese opening songs are "Best Wishes!"
The show is developed and produced by Apartment 11 Productions.
The series loosely follows the comic philosophy of writer John Byrne, with Clark Kent as the true personality, and Superman as a secondary disguise.
The second opening theme, "Kaze" by Yamazaru, is used from episode 406 to 413.
This is by far the shortest season of iCarly and the first since Season 1 to not have a special.
Brett Tucker returns in a recurring role as Dave Brewer, but is added to the main cast at the end of the season.
The episodes are available on the online video on demand service Hulu, a joint venture between NBC and Fox Broadcasting Company.
He also has a grudge against NCIS, as his son would not have been on the ship if they had not transferred him.
The seventh season of Will & Grace premiered on September 16, 2004 and concluded on April 29, 2005.
The series is set in the city of Lexington, Kentucky, and the hill country of eastern Kentucky, specifically in and around Harlan.
It introduces the 48 survivors of a plane that broke apart in mid-air, scattering them on a remote island somewhere in the South Pacific.
This is a list of episodes from the third season of Adam-12.
The fifth season of Friends, an American sitcom created by David Crane and Marta Kauffman, premiered on NBC on September 24, 1998.
The first volume of the season was released on Region 1 DVD on June 10, 2008.
Starting with "Messenger, Part 2" episodes began to debut on Toon Disney.
As Dean's deadline approaches, their efforts are further hindered by Bela Talbot, a professional thief of occult items who is often at odds with the Winchesters.
For syndication reruns, this was retitled "Love and the Happy Days."
The international destination for the show was London, with the rest of the filming taking place in Shanghai.
House of Bryan is a Canadian home renovation television series which premiered in 2010 on HGTV Canada.
The dub, which was produced by Studiopolis, features changes to the character's names, terminology, catchphrases, and music.
On February 28, 2012, Discovery Channel announced that the 2012 season would commence airing on March 25, 2012.
Deborah Ann Woll, Elden Henson, Rosario Dawson, and Vincent D'Onofrio also return from the first season, with Stephen Rider joining them.
Paramount Home Entertainment released the complete sixth season in a six-disc box set on October 17, 2006.
Elena Satine was cast as Louise, the daughter of a wealthy family.
In Canada, the fourth season was simulcast on the terrestrial CTV Television Network.
The first two seasons of this series were released on DVD together in a single box set by Universal Home Video.
The twenty-fifth series of the British television drama series Grange Hill began broadcasting on 29 January 2002, before ending on 28 March 2002 on BBC One.
Due to the Writer's Strike of 2007, Ugly Betty went on a hiatus in the UK after the airing of episode "Bananas for Betty".
The first season of Next Great Baker was televised from December 6, 2010 to January 24, 2011 on TLC.
This is a list of episodes for the fourth season of the television series Married... with Children.
Mid-summer evenings are typically considered a graveyard slot for television series.
The Biggest Loser is the fourth season of the NBC reality television series entitled The Biggest Loser.
CBS had renewed the series for a fifth season on March 13, 2014, with a 22-episode order.
Doris Younane has a more recurring role as Moira Doyle.
The second season of American animated television series Randy Cunningham: 9th Grade Ninja aired from July 19, 2014 to July 27, 2015.
The show featured 14 new contestants in the final cast.
The series was picked up by Crunchyroll for online simulcast streaming in North America and other select parts of the world.
He uncovers the dark secrets about the Lannisters that his predecessor died trying to expose.
On May 17, 2012, it was announced that this season will be the final season and the series finale event will air in November 2012.
The show airs on SBS as part of their Good Sunday lineup.
The series concluded on 13 July 2014 after 13 episodes.
The third season of the animated series WordGirl was originally broadcast on PBS in the United States from September 7, 2010 to July 8, 2011.
The season has been cited by several critics as the beginning of the series' decline in quality, despite still receiving generally favorable reviews.
Melissa Rauch and Mayim Bialik were upgraded to the main cast during the fourth season as Dr. Bernadette Rostenkowski and Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler.
Eesti tippmodell, cycle 2 was the second installment of the Estonian adaptation of Tyra Banks' America's Next Top Model.
Thomas said in an interview that Season 9 is like "the Wild West – anything can happen".
Germany's Next Topmodel, Cycle 9 is the ninth season of the show that is aired on the German television network ProSieben.
The series was later re-issued as two half-series boxsets in Australia, released on 7 March 2012.
The season makes use of six pieces of theme music: two opening themes and four ending themes.
Paget Brewster was a regular for eighteen episodes and was let go from the series as well.
5D's lasts from episodes 93 to 134.
The season was produced by Deedle-Dee Productions and Universal Media Studios, and series co-creators Greg Daniels and Michael Schur served as executive producers.
Tantsud tähtedega 2007 was the second season of the Estonian version of Dancing with the Stars, and was broadcast on the Estonian television channel Kanal 2.
Pizzolatto initially conceived True Detective as a novel, but felt it was more suitable for television.
The two-part finale was broadcast on the 22 and 24 December 2012.
Britain and Ireland's Next Top Model, Cycle 8 is the eighth cycle of Britain and Ireland's Next Top Model.
The season used three pieces of theme music.
Critical reviews of the season were generally positive, with the addition of William Fichtner to the cast receiving much praise.
In each of the first two shows, only eight couples skated, with two of them being eliminated.
Sea Patrol season 3 premiered on 18 May 2009.
The second season of Charmed, an American supernatural drama television series, began airing on September 30, 1999 on The WB.
It was the only season not to feature Lisa Edelstein as Dr. Lisa Cuddy.
The OVAs use "Darker than Black" by Yasushi Ishii as the ending theme.
It aired from August 16, 2006, until November 15, 2006.
The second season of the Australian drama television series Love Child, began airing on 5 May 2015 on the Nine Network.
The 12-episode series aired on MBS' Animeism programming block between July 10, 2014 and September 25, 2014.
On October 14, 2007, the Bleach anime went on a hiatus; episodes resumed airing on March 2, 2008, and finished airing on May 11, 2008.
The series follows the lives of the children in care the fictional children's care home of Stowey House.
The third season of MasterChef Indonesia premiered 5 May 2013 on RCTI.
In the meantime, Michael Stonebridge wants to avenge his wife's murder, and Damian Scott contends with a past acquaintance.
The series received mixed to negative reviews from critics.
The series premiered on BBC America on 14 September 2013.
This is a comprehensive list of all of the episodes from the fifth season of American game show Wipeout.
The show was created by director James Burrows and writers Glen and Les Charles, under production team Charles Burrows Charles Productions, in association with Paramount Television.
The ending theme from episode 77 to 89 is "My Boy", which is also performed by Buono!.
Following the special, a regular series of thirteen episodes was broadcast, starting with "New Earth" on 15 April 2006.
Her prize was a modelling contract with Elite Model Management, a cover of Estonian Cosmopolitan, and a trip to Rio de Janeiro.
This list of episodes of Conan details information on the episodes spanning from 2010–2011, of Conan, a television program on TBS hosted by Conan O'Brien.
Audrina finds herself conflicted with her relationship with her on-again/off-again boyfriend Justin Brescia, while Bosworth and the female Pratt are depicted as mutual friends of all.
The broadcast versions of the episodes 223 to 227 include scenes from the film in the opening themes, while retaining the music "Lovers".
The third series of The Only Way Is Essex, a British semi-reality television programme, began airing on 25 September 2011 on ITV2.
The series returned for a total of 35 new episodes in 2005.
House of Bryan 1 set an audience record for HGTV Canada, in April 2010.
The New York Times called the series "the best major-network show that no one is watching."
They also serve as the show's showrunners.
The third season of the Naruto: Shippuden anime series is directed by Hayato Date, and produced by Studio Pierrot and TV Tokyo.
The ending songs are "Face Forward Team Rocket" by Team Rocket trio, and "Pocket-ering Monster-ing" by Kana.
They are playing games and playing with a sheet with the All That logo on it.
—Jack Bauer, introductory monologue for most episodes of the season.
The series chronicles the exploits and adventures of the title character and his various friends in the fictional underwater city of Bikini Bottom.
Is the second season and continuation of Power Rangers Samurai.
The series is based on the original Australian series, Wilfred, and stars Elijah Wood, Jason Gann, Fiona Gubelmann and Dorian Brown.
The sixth series of Let's Dance began on 5 April 2013.
The fourteenth season of the American fictional drama television series ER first aired on September 27, 2007 and concluded on May 15, 2008.
This would be the final season for Bryan Hearne.
The 12th season of Taniec z Gwiazdami, the Polish edition of Dancing With the Stars, started on 5 September 2010 and ended on 28 November 2010.
Nearly two years after the final episode, Supt.
The sixth season of CSI: NY originally aired on CBS between September 2009 and May 2010.
The first and second seasons of Homicide were released together in a four-DVD box-set on May 27, 2003.
This is a list of episodes for the eleventh season of the television version of The Jack Benny Program.
This season has been made available on DVD, and other forms of home media, including on demand streaming on Hulu Plus.
The fourteenth season was announced on November 13, 2013.
Nearly 40 percent of SpongeBob's audience of 2.2 million were aged 18 to 34.
It aired in Canada on CTV Television Network and in Australia on the Seven Network.
All episodes from the seventh series are thirty minutes in length, with the exception of the Christmas special.
In the United Kingdom, Beez Entertainment and Kazé each released a box collection of the series.
This movie was also directed by Miyazaki, and marked his directorial debut in feature films.
The season upgrades previous supporting characters cast members such as Richard Woolsey and Jennifer Keller.
The first season was broadcast on the Canadian terrestrial television network CTV, on Sundays at 7:00 p.m.
The season was filmed from approximately June 12 through December 20, 2014.
It was replaced in episode 129 by "Omae Dattanda" by Kishidan and ran until episode 141.
It was later broadcast by 12 other stations.
Season Two of the family sitcom Full House originally aired on ABC between October 14, 1988 and May 5, 1989.
This is a list of episodes from the first season of Barney Miller.
After a long feud, Gibbs is freed of his charges and sent on a top-priority mission, while Ziva, DiNozzo, and McGee resign from the agency.
Unlike the previous season, which focused on winter driving conditions, this season focuses on summer driving skills.
The eighth season was the first to be shown on ABC after NBC dropped the series, ending its seven-year run on the network.
The first season of Battle of the Blades debuted on CBC on October 4, 2009.
The showrunner for the season was Al Jean, with three episodes ran with Matt Selman, one of those he also wrote himself.
The region 1 DVD was released on September 6, 2005.
Season four began immediately after the conclusion of the third season.
This season featured planned "dark weeks", weeks where no new episodes aired.
Two months before the season premiere, original writer and occasional featured player Tom Davis died after a two-year battle with throat and neck cancer.
The episodes are directed by Noriyuki Abe, and produced by TV Tokyo, Dentsu and Studio Pierrot.
Jewelpet is the first Jewelpet anime series created by Sanrio and Sega and animated by Studio Comet, directed by Nanako Sasaki.
Episodes 25 and 26 were first broadcast in the UK on 21 November 2014 by Nick Jr. Too, in a two-episode program.
The English version of the season aired for Neon Alley on May 24, 2014.
The English opening song is "Believe in Me" by David Rolfe.
The region 1 DVD was released on August 15, 2006.
Executive producer Tony McHale and actresses Rebecca Grant and Phoebe Thomas announced their intentions to leave the show during the course of the year.
The Wraith primary goal is to gather a fleet to invade Atlantis and find their new "feeding ground", Earth.
Roddenberry's insistence on re-writing scripts and unusual behaviour alienated some staff.
All six episodes in series 31 were 30 minutes in length.
It was the first season of the franchise not to have 13 episodes.
The musical guest is shown after Thompson, the intro ends with a pan shot of the entire cast with the names of the producers flashing by.
The fifth season of Will & Grace premiered on September 26, 2002 and concluded on May 15, 2003.
It consists of twenty-six fifteen-minute episodes and is the second series in the Tracy Beaker franchise.
Degrassi: The Next Generation is a Canadian serial teen drama television series.
It premiered on September 30, 2015 on CBS and ended on May 4, 2016.
This is a list of episodes from the first season of Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C.
The fifth season of the History Channel television series Top Shot premiered on May 29, 2013.
The series premiere was watched by 9.17 million viewers, the highest ratings for a premiere since Matt Smith's first episode as the Doctor back in 2010.
The first season completed its run on September 9, 2010 with a double episode airing.
In late March 2013, this season became available on Netflix.
However, Kutcher appears five times in the next season as a "Special Guest Star", and Grace makes an uncredited cameo in the series finale.
The prizes for this season included $50,000 in cash, a brand new automobile, a cover of Cromos magazine, and a contract with Chica Águila.
He himself voice acts one of the main characters in the show, "Mordecai", a blue jay.
The season was a ratings success, bolstered by Carell's success in the 2005 film The 40 Year Old Virgin.
On 5 February 2014, the complete series was released on DVD in Australia as a Region 0, playable anywhere in the world.
"Popcorn Panic" was aired in several other countries before the U.S. until it first aired on Nickelodeon on May 9, 2009.
The following is a comprehensive listing of all the episodes from the third season of American game show Wipeout.
It consists of 24 episodes, each running approximately 22 minutes in length.
He goes on a quest to battle the God Mars and his army of Martians to protect Athena and the world from chaos.
Standup Comedian is a 2012 Comedy Central special featuring comedian Demetri Martin.
The remaining three episodes in the season are mostly absent of female voices for this reason.
The full thirteen episodes of the season have been released on a box set called Futurama: Volume One, on DVD and VHS.
This would also be the final season for Phil Hartman, Melanie Hutsell, Rob Schneider, Sarah Silverman and Julia Sweeney.
The second season, like the first, follows two different timelines.
This season is notable among Star Trek fans as the season when Gene Roddenberry died of cardiac arrest on October 24, 1991.
Fog is the predominant weather feature of Masuleh.
For episodes 102-126, the opening theme is "Du-Du-Wa DO IT!!"
Both "Simon & Marcy" and "Be More" were nominated for Primetime Emmy Awards for Short-Format Animation at the 65th and 66th Primetime Emmy Awards respectively.
1 million with series trophy and Madiha came up as 2nd runner-up and received Rs.
The third season of Ellen, an American television series, began September 13, 1995, and ended on May 21, 1996.
All fourteen episodes in the third series are thirty minutes in length, including the Christmas special.
The final season was aired on Wednesday nights at 8/7c in the United States averaging 8.33 million viewers a week.
The season was filmed on location in New York City.
The season contains four musical themes: two openings and endings.
The show maintained its previous time slot, airing on Thursdays at 9:00 pm ET for the first half of the season.
Released on August 2, 2005, the collection received mostly positive reviews from critics.
Its bonus material included deleted scenes, commentary tracks on selected episodes, as well as other features.
The DVD synopsis uses the original episode numbering system, rather than the Episode names which from 2002-2007 wasn't used
Vilani also became the third female professional to reach two consecutive finals, after Lilia Kopylova and Erin Boag, having come second with Matt Baker in 2010.
The Region 1 DVD was released on May 10, 2005.
In week 7, Stuart Bishop was invited as a special judge, because all the couples danced Urban dance.
Despite its low ratings, Fox renewed the series for a fourth season on March 24, 2011.
The next mystery, a murder, commences in the same episode that the identity of the rapist is discovered.
A number of sixth-season episodes also aired internationally before they were broadcast domestically.
Producers hired then unknown comic Gabriel Iglesias to replace the absence left by Mitchell and Thompson.
The full nineteen episodes of the season have been released on a box set called Futurama: Volume Two, on DVD and VHS.
For the 4Kids version, the theme song was "We are the Winx!"
More were planned, but then the show was moved to All That's first spin-off, KaBlam!.
On May 14, 2010, ABC announced the show was canceled.
is the sixth Pretty Cure anime television series produced by Toei Animation.
On December 1, 2009, on The Hills/The City Aftershow, Port confirmed the return of the show for a second season.
The series was commissioned following consistently high ratings from the third series.
This is a list of episodes from the third season of Columbo.
The third season of the television comedy series Boy Meets World aired between September 22, 1995 and May 17, 1996, on ABC in the United States.
During this season, Dean Stockwell won a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actor – Series, Miniseries or Television Film.
The second season of The Golden Girls premiered on NBC on September 27, 1986, and concluded on May 16, 1987.
Thomas Hayo and fashion designer Thomas Rath joined in.
It tells the story of retired FBI Agent Frank Black.
Many critics have also commented on the season's use of guest stars and dream sequences.
The final episode of the season, "Reincarnation", aired on September 8, 2011 as a three-segment non-canonical special after the official season finale.
Early test screenings were poor, and many critics and industry observers were skeptical about the show's chances of success.
The following is a list of episodes of the television series The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson which aired in 1985:
The following is a list of episodes of the television series The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson which aired in 1977:
The cycle also marks a return to filming in Los Angeles, where the first two seasons were shot.
All episodes from this series were written by Roy Clarke and produced and directed by Alan J. W. Bell.
Maria Canals Barrera and David DeLuise star as their parents and Jennifer Stone co-stars as Alex's best friend, Harper Finkle
On 2 June 2010, the BBC announced that the 31st series would be the last, despite the show still having a loyal fan base.
Season eighteen of Dancing with the Stars premiered on March 17, 2014.
The series was developed by Brad Wright and Jonathan Glassner.
The series follows Hime Shirayuki, the Princess of the Blue Sky Kingdom and Megumi Aino, a girl chosen by the Crystal of Love.
The premiere included an interstitial photograph of Pardo – SNL's announcer since it premiered in 1975.
In season 4, Damir moved next to Izet's apartment with his wife.
This move was done largely on the behest of Duchovny, who wished to be closer to his wife, Téa Leoni.
The Biggest Loser: Second Chances is the eighth season of the NBC reality television series The Biggest Loser.
Several pieces of theme music are used over the course of the series—two opening themes by Shugo Chara Egg!
Based on the original series masters with frame-by-frame restoration, the first set was released November 10, 2009.
This was the first season to feature Daphne Maxwell Reid as Vivian Banks after Janet Hubert-Whitten's departure.
The season introduces the origins of several characters and storylines from MCU films, while other characters from the films and Marvel One-Shots also appear.
The entire season aired Mondays at 9pm.
The winner of the show was 16-year-old Jennifer Hof from Rodgau.
Phillips was rejected by Bob Guiney in the fourth season of The Bachelor, where she was the third runner-up.
The series concluded with a two-part riot storyline, entitled '#HolbyRiot', which aired on 21 and 22 July 2012.
The season was one of the least acclaimed in terms of awards and nominations, being the show's only season not to warrant a Primetime Emmy nomination.
Volume 2 was released on July 6.
Contestants face challenges and learn new skills while training and transforming their bodies.
The first series of The Only Way Is Essex, a British semi-reality television programme, began airing on 10 October 2010 on ITV2.
This was the only season in which Carlin's voice changed.
The season aired Tuesday nights at 8/7c.
The season continued to focus on the exploits of protagonists Stan, Kyle, Cartman and Kenny in the fictional Colorado mountain town of South Park.
It debuted on tvN on October 1, 2014.
Season two of Tu Cara me Suena premiered on April 16, 2014.
Unlike all of the other seasons, this season's DVD set was released one day after the season finale.
Bruce Gray and Sonja Smits starred as the firm's senior partners, Adam Cunningham and Sally Ross.
Season five aired Mondays at 8:30 p.m. on CTV, a Canadian terrestrial television network.
Tristram Shapeero and Dominic Brigstocke directed all the episodes together.
The first ending theme, "Kono Koe Karashite feat.
The season was produced by ABC Studios, in association with ShondaLand Production Company; the showrunner being Shonda Rhimes.
The series stars Donald Faison, Wayne Knight, Kristen Johnston, David Alan Basche and Kelly Stables.
Len Goodman, Bruno Tonioli, and Carrie Ann Inaba continued as the judges this season.
The show began on 11 October 2015.
This series consists of six episodes and concluded on 11 May 1995.
The fifth season of the Australian police-drama Blue Heelers premiered on the Seven Network on 24 February 1998 and aired on Wednesday nights at 8:30 PM.
However, he would only appear in the sketch and not take part in any other part of the show.
The first season of Two Guys, a Girl and a Pizza Place premiered on March 10, 1998 as a mid-season replacement.
The series currently airs in the United States on Cartoon Network, as of January 7, 2008, and in Canada on Teletoon, as of October 28, 2006.
The cycle featured 14 contestants, three from Indonesia and the Philippines, two from Hong Kong and Malaysia, and one each from Japan, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam.
The season stars William Petersen and Marg Helgenberger.
It won the 2003 Kids' Choice Awards for Favorite Cartoon, and also won the following year's Kids' Choice Award for the same category.
Paramount Home Entertainment released the complete second season in a six-disc box set on September 6, 2005.
Supporting cast members include Adetomiwa Edun, Eoin Macken, Tom Hopper, and Rupert Young.
The sixth season of Desperate Housewives, a television series created by Marc Cherry, began airing on September 27, 2009 and concluded on May 16, 2010.
This is a list of episodes of The Nightly Show with Larry Wilmore hosted by Larry Wilmore from 2016.
Season one was originally planned to have thirteen episodes.
The fourth season of the historical drama television series Vikings premiered on February 18, 2016 on History in Canada.
The contestants competed to win a $250,000 prize, which was awarded to Michael Ventrella, the finalist with the highest percentage of weight lost.
The first series comprised 13 episodes, eight of which Davies wrote.
It was the last season to be dubbed by Cloverway.
The seventh season aired the show's 200th episode "Struck by Lightning" on September 17, 2015.
The second half started on Earth Day 2011 and ended the day before the Royal Wedding the next day.
Detectives Frank Pembleton and Mike Kellerman depart the show in the season finale.
Let's Dance is the Slovak version of Dancing with the Stars.
Events covered in the episodes include the assassination of a secretive informant, Scully's diagnosis with cancer and Mulder's apparent suicide.
The hosts were Mart Sander and Merle Liivak.
Zoë Ball returned as presenter of Strictly Come Dancing: It Takes Two on BBC Two.
The company redubbed these episodes, restoring the removed content and redoing the voice cast.
Gordon Ramsay returned as the head chef as well as Andi Van Willigan and James Avery as the red team's and blue team's sous chefs respectively.
The official reason, according to Landes, was that he looked too similar to Dean Cain.
The 5th season of The Fairly OddParents started on February 14, 2005.
The ending themes respectively used with the opening themes are "Kimi ga Kureta Mono", performed by Shizuka Kudō, and "We're the Stars", performed by Aimi.
Piotr Gąsowski and Maciej Dowbor were the hosts.
The second season of Estrellas en el Hielo premiered on October 23, 2008; the first results show was an elimination episode airing on October 30, 2008.
The opening theme, "Cha-La Head-Cha-La", is performed by Hironobu Kageyama and the ending theme, "Detekoi Tobikiri Zenkai Power!"
Volume 2 was released on February 15, 2011.
This season has been released in various forms of home media, including on demand streaming on Hulu Plus.
Offspring is the story of the impossible loves of 30-something obstetrician Nina Proudman, and her fabulously messy family, as they navigate the chaos of modern life.
The fifth season aired on Sundays at 9:00 pm ET in the United States.
The series was developed and produced by Veena Sud and based on the Danish series, Forbrydelsen.
It also continues the show's tradition of lampooning celebrities, which in this season include Cher, Pat Robertson, and Rod Stewart.
It consisted of thirteen episodes, each running for approximately 47 minutes in length.
It aired on CBS after NBC canceled the show after 5 seasons.
Cloverway used the English-language version of "Moonlight Densetsu" first commissioned for DiC Entertainment's dub of the first season and R for their adaptation.
The winner was Alexander Weiss, a 13-year-old from New York City, New York, with Dara Yu from Los Angeles, California being the runner-up.
Todd will reprise her role in the final two seasons as well, where this is Jarratt's final season on the show.
It also featured guest appearances by Louis C.K., Megan Mullally, Fred Armisen, Will Arnett, Justin Theroux and John Larroquette.
This is a list of episodes for the fourth season of the television series Designing Women.
One of these dips included the episode "Horizon", which with its 2.2 percent rating, was the lowest viewed episode of the series at that point.
The contestants will compete to win a $250,000 prize, which will be awarded to the contestant with the highest percentage of weight lost.
This would be the final season for Dean Edwards, Chris Kattan and Tracy Morgan.
For example, Kevin and Paul go to a new school and Kevin's voice changes.
The show was picked up for 22 episodes in October 2009, and an additional 3 episodes were ordered later.
In 11th live two couples not danced, Theocharis Ioannidis due to professional obligations and Christos Spanos because of an accident he had.
The nineteenth series of Top Gear was aired during 2013 on BBC Two and BBC HD, beginning on 27 January and concluding on 24 February.
The Biggest Loser: Temptation Nation is the 17th and final season of The Biggest Loser which premiered January 4, 2016, on NBC.
Katherine Mayfair and her family are introduced in this season and are the center of the season's mystery.
The coup d'état by the Black Knights, led by the protagonist, Lelouch vi Britannia, ended in failure and resulted in Lelouch's capture and brainwashing.
The series stars David Caruso and Emily Procter.
The season features two step-brothers on summer vacation trying to make every day the best day ever, while their sister tries to bust them.
Current fill-in presenters are Fair Go presenter Pippa Wetzell and 1 News backup anchor Melissa Stokes.
Despite this, the story follows Yuki and his determination to become Kaori's friend over and over again as the weeks go by.
In a change from the original casting format, this season features a complete cast of sisters.
The team is now led by DiNozzo for a short time until Gibbs' eventual return.
The series was created and produced by Joe and Tony Gayton, who wrote four episodes.
's first series originally aired on BBC 1 between 30 March 1970 and 11 May 1970.
This series consisted of 185 episodes and concluded on 13 April 2006.
The third season aired on Sundays at 9:00 pm ET in the United States to widespread critical acclaim.
Right before the end-of-the-show onstage goodbyes, a loud altercation broke out backstage between Chase and relatively new cast member Bill Murray.
Most episodes in this series have 2 titles: the original titles from the U.K. broadcasts are shown on top, while the American-adapted titles are shown underneath.
The aggregate site Metacritic scored the show's first season at 77 out of 100 based on 27 critics reviews.
She quickly goes back to her old sinister, power-hungry self.
The change was made after the 20th season of America's Next Top Model, which opened to male models.
Group challenges this season center on the renovation of a central kitchen.
The episodes were released in North America by Funimation.
Rachel embarks on a promising if-at-first feisty relationship with the cute young electrician who's begun working with her dad.
Episodes 484 and 485 were the first episodes to be broadcast out of production order.
On January 2, 2009, Viz Media and Crunchyroll began providing the series' subtitles.
Due to music rights issues, only several episodes of the first season of Ally McBeal were available in the United States.
The fifth season of Charmed, an American supernatural drama television series, began airing on September 22, 2002 on The WB.
The second season of the One Piece anime series was directed by Kōnosuke Uda and produced by Toei Animation.
It was filmed in 1981 and transmitted 2 years later in 1983.
The series premiered on tvk on July 7, 2013 with later airings on Tokyo MX, Sun TV and BS11.
ET in the US on FOX, a terrestrial television network; however, from January 12, 2006 onwards, The O.C.
This is a list of episodes from the fourth season of Columbo.
Tony also begins therapy sessions with Dr. Melfi after his panic attacks become more frequent.
Season seven of Cold Case, an American television series, began airing on September 27, 2009 and concluded on May 2, 2010.
Series 6 of the long-running medical soap opera Doctors commenced on 5 April 2004.
Episodes in season five were written and directed by Dave Willis and Matt Maiellaro.
This is a list of episodes of the Extreme Makeover: Home Edition Philippines.
For the third season only, the show was repeated on CBC Television after its airing on Global.
The Cleveland Show's third season debuted on the Fox network on September 25, 2011, and concluded on May 20, 2012.
After Molly, a primary-school teacher, invites police officer Mike to give a talk to her class, they begin dating.
Stakes is an American animated miniseries based on the show Adventure Time by Pendleton Ward.
The international destinations of the series were Paris, France and Milan, Italy.
The series was once again produced by Rude Boy Productions, a company that produces comedies created by Fred Barron.
All episodes from this series were written by Roy Clarke and produced and directed by Bernard Thompson.
The show took the format of a gameshow, with the boxers divided into two teams in a "playground pick" on the first episode.
The sixth series has been broadcast on Channel 4 since 10 March 2014, following the broadcaster's decision to renew the show for another series.
Season four of American Internet flash-animated series Happy Tree Friends.
Season three picks up four months after Bea's return to Wentworth following her escape and revenge murder of Brayden Holt.
January 12 – Behind the Scenes of this season
Songs of Praise from Holmfirth aired on 29 August, the day the last ever episode was broadcast.
in its initial timeslot and was succeeded by Maho Girls PreCure!.
Vietnam's Next Top Model, Cycle 2 is the second season of Vietnam's Next Top Model to be produced again by Vietnam Television and Multimedia JSC.
It also contains original content not found in Martin's novels.
The second and final season of the television series Sonny with a Chance aired on Disney Channel from March 14, 2010 to January 2, 2011.
The only international destination to where all cast members traveled was New York City.
UTURN Entertainment produced and distributed Takki Series in its network, making it one of their shows that is posted on their YouTube Channel.
It also contains the first mention of Peg's family being "hillbillies" from the fictional Wanker County, Wisconsin.
Developed for television by Frank Darabont, the series is based on the eponymous series of comic books by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore, and Charlie Adlard.
Behind the scenes, the writing team became chaotic.
Katherine "Tatu Baby" Flores was eliminated in season two, but was voted to return via Ink Master's Facebook poll.
Her tasks are difficult and at times she struggles with people who push her away and disbelieve her ability.
This is a list of episodes for the premiere season of the television series Designing Women.
Anton Pavlenko, portrayed by Lev Gorn, a Russian counselor, reappears in this episode.
The series premiered on 3 June 2015 on Sky1 in the United Kingdom, and would later premiere on Cinemax in the United States on 31 July.
The international destinations for this cycle were Los Angeles, Oahu, Miami, New York City, Milan, London, Dubai, Auckland, Malé and Paris.
After the show ended, he went on to have a successful film and TV career and still has strong ties with Nickelodeon.
The season consisted of 8 episodes and aired on Mondays at 8:40pm.
The series is based on Tite Kubo's manga series.
The fourth series was won by Andy Allen who defeated Julia Taylor and Audra Morrice in the grand finale on 25 July 2012.
The American Film Institute named Boardwalk Empire one of the ten "best television programs of the year".
The first season of CSI: NY originally aired on CBS between September 2004 and May 2005.
My Kitchen Rules NZ is a reality television cooking programme which airs on the TVNZ TV2.
Four DVD compilations of the season were released by Aniplex between January 24, 2007 and April 25, 2007 in Japan.
From this point onwards, Lord Dregg takes over as the main villain of the series.
This is a list of episodes from the eleventh season of Hawaii Five-O.
Eventually, former CFO of Dunder Mifflin David Wallace buys back the company, firing California.
Their lives are further complicated by their jobs, money troubles, and moving in together.
The second episode aired the day after, on June 30, 2015, then returned to the regular schedule on Mondays.
Season 7 began airing in France in the translated version on April 14, 2011 on Canal Plus.
Once again the entire judging panel except for Heidi Klum was replaced.
Marceline, Bubblegum, Finn, Jake, and Peppermint Butler are forced to deal with the fallout.
Nevertheless, Parks and Recreation continued to struggle in the Nielsen ratings and averaged about 4.75 million household viewers per week.
The eighth season of the Bleach anime series is named the Arrancar: The Fierce Fight arc.
After CBS announced the two comedies would swap timeslots, they set the Season 6 debut as October 20, 2011 at 8:30 PM.
The season begins with an hour-long crossover with The Simpsons entitled "The Simpsons Guy".
Matt Preston, George Calombaris and Gary Mehigan returned alongside new judge, Anna Gare.
However, Silas turns 18 at the end of the season.
In a live chat on Nick.com, she reasoned that she left All That, because she "was getting older."
Bob Harper and Kim Lyons were the two personal trainers, with Bob leading the blue team and Kim leading the red team.
Hillenburg remained with the show, but in a smaller advisory role in which he reviewed each episode and offered suggestions to the show's production crew.
The season opened with a Nielsen rating of 8.8% for "Scorpion", which was higher than any episode since the pilot.
Appearing as recurring characters are CIA Agent, Bob Hogan, and Iranian Special Consul, Dariush Bakhshi, and his wife, Ana.
It received twelve Primetime Emmy Award nominations with five wins, including Outstanding Drama Series.
David Anthony Higgins, who plays the role of Harry, was upgraded to series regular status for this season.
The season also features the 200th episode of the series.
111 episodes of Blue Bloods have aired to date, concluding the fifth season.
The first season premiered on March 4, 2009 and concluded on June 3, 2009.
Among the houseband, Louis 'Gumby' Pinto left the show due to him being the executive producer of the show Uth Records by Ufone.
The second season has a score of 52/100, based on nine reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews", on review aggregator website Metacritic.
After a five-year absence the art of the featured player was brought back to the show.
The ninth season of Dancing with the Stars was announced on Today Tonight, on 5 June 2009.
In 2013, the winner Brezka will return for the "All-Stars"-Season as one of the Contastents.
On December 2, 2009, ABC confirmed that Ugly Betty would be moving to Wednesday nights after Christmas 2009, due to Eastwick's cancellation.
The English episodes aired from February 2002 to April 2003.
The season features Tim Robards, a 30-year-old Sydney-based chiropractor from Newcastle, New South Wales, courting 25 women.
A month into the show, the cast goes on an off-the-grid vacation.
It was 30 minutes long and featured the first appearance of Skipper's nemesis, Dr. Blowhole.
The entire series was later re-dubbed by George Carlin for the U.S. audiences.
It consisted of ten episodes, each running approximately 40 minutes in length.
The season averaged 12.58 million viewers per 22 episodes.
Six were re-dubbed by Michael Brandon for the U.S. audiences.
In addition, three clip shows were produced for the season, in order to put the previous events of the show in perspective.
Drop Dead Diva season one premiered on July 12, 2009 and concluded October 11, 2009 on Lifetime.
was ordered in May 2014, and production began that July.
The first ending theme, used for episodes 1-36, is "Muri Muri!?
Misunderstanding of a dream is an Iranian TV series directed by Fereydun Jeyrani shown in IRIB TV1 for the first time.
Almost every episode in this season features a special guest appearance, which continues a practice used in past seasons.
The show was filmed in Indonesia with the state of Bintan, Riau Islands as its primary location and contestants' residence.
The 42-episode season concluded 25 November 1997.
The show's episode numbering scheme changed several times during its run to coincide with major events in the show's history.
In the 1993 favorite episode listings for Animage, "Loved and Chased!
The discs were then released individually, with the first series released on discs between December 19, 2007 and February 27, 2008.
The DVD box set was released in Region 1 on August 15, 2006, Region 2 on October 2, 2006, and Region 4 on September 27, 2006.
Vietnam's Next Top Model, Cycle 5 is the fifth season of Vietnam's Next Top Model.
Wells' younger self was played by Terry Kiser, and the older Wells was played by Hamilton Camp.
The first ending theme is titled Tell me tell me!!
The sixth season of the television series Dallas aired on during the 1982-1983 TV season.
The third series of Merlin began on 11 September 2010.
The complete 22 episodes of the season have been released on a box set called Futurama: Volume Three, on DVD and VHS.
The introduction of Jade Hedy was revealed to leave these characters in danger, with two of the characters involved set to die during the series.
They are the parents of three children, Axl, Sue, and Brick.
The first season of the American television series MacGyver, began on September 29, 1985, and ended on May 7, 1986, and aired on the ABC network.
This season is the second produced by 9 Story Media Group.
The TV series is the Spanish version of British version Strictly Come Dancing and American Version Dancing with the Stars.
In the weeks that followed, the show continued to air back-to-back episodes that began airing at 10:00 pm ET/PT.
Season 9 consists of 24 episodes, each running approximately 22 minutes in length.
But what happens when the rest of the family suddenly returns to the nest?
The season was first released on DVD on March 26, 2002, on Region 1, and was subsequently released in other regions.
It is the fourth season to be filmed in the Mountain States region of the United States, specifically in Nevada after The Real World: Las Vegas.
The third season of the television series HaShminiya was originally broadcast on Arutz HaYeladim in Israel.
The season finale aired on May 23, 2005.
The first season of the American crime thriller television series The Blacklist premiered on NBC on September 23, 2013.
The show has been franchised to other countries: Azerbaijan, Malaysia, Indonesia, United States, Paraguay, Singapore, Thailand, and Central America.
The third season of the CBS American television drama series Unforgettable premiered on June 29, 2014 and aired on Sundays at 9:00 pm.
This season of Blue Heelers was released on DVD on 1 December 2005 and was released in a two-part release; and later as a complete set.
The season premiere originally aired without commercial interruption, and has an extended running time of approximately 51 minutes, as opposed to the standard 43 minutes.
The programme was created after the discontinuation of Close Up.
For episodes 26–50 the opening theme is "Let's!
Samurai uses footage and elements from the Super Sentai series Samurai Sentai Shinkenger.
The eighth and final season of the ABC family sitcom Full House originally aired between September 27, 1994 and May 23, 1995.
Whitney Miller was the winner of this inaugural season.
Four pieces of theme music were used for this season.
I would like to produce my 7th season of Coke Studio one day.
The second season of the American television drama series Empire premiered on September 23, 2015, in the United States on Fox.
Ash, Serena, Clemont, and Bonnie continue their adventures in the Kalos region.
Ammara received series title, PKR 5 million and a contract of her own recipe book, while Gulnaz stood as a Runner-up and received Rs.
The season consisted of 22 episodes and averaged 6.40 million viewers.
The final episode was a finale in which all 7 craftsmen participated and a judge would declare the final winner.
The second part was broadcast from August 11 to September 29, 2013, aired on Sundays at 9:00 pm.
After fourteen weeks, Sabina Behlić was named the winner of the first Cycle beating Valentina Dropulić and Marina Jerković in the final.
This time, 10 celebrities are paired with 10 professional ballroom dancers, less than the 11 of the previous season.
The fifth series achieved an average of 5.03 million viewers in the ratings.
This is a list of episodes for The Colbert Report in 2014, the final year of the series.
Series 2 commenced on 31 January 2011.
Production for the season began on February 27, 2012, at Epitome Pictures' studios in Toronto, Ontario.
At the end of the evening one of the couples will win immunity and will be excluded from the process of withdrawal of next week.
It again featured ten episodes, and saw the entire main cast reprise their characters from Series three.
Full House is an Armenian comedy drama television series developed by Armen Petrosyan.
The complete second season was released on Region 1 DVD on October 2, 2007.
It was broadcast as part of the ABC comedy block TGIF on Friday evening, airing at 8:30 between Family Matters and Step by Step.
While the on-island story continues, "flash sideways" show a second timeline, in which Flight 815 never crashes.
The season opened to critical acclaim, as most agreed on a significant improvement in story lines.
A 10-part second series, known as Strike Back: Project Dawn, a co-production between Sky and the American network Cinemax, was first broadcast in August 2011.
The winner was 19-year-old Alisar Ailabouni from Schalchen.
The fifth series of the British television drama series Grange Hill began broadcasting on 5 January 1982, before ending on 5 March 1982 on BBC One.
Farhad Humuyun was recruited as the new drummer for the fifth series.
The fourth season comprises 22 episodes and concluded its initial airing on May 18, 2005.
They date different people throughout the series but reconcile in the last episode.
The episodes are produced by Toei Animation, and are based on the final 26 volumes of the Dragon Ball manga series by Akira Toriyama.
It aired from November 3, 2013 until May 18, 2014.
This is a list of episodes from the eleventh and final season of Happy Days.
In the middle of the fifth season, Marcy awakes next to Jefferson D'Arcy and discovers that she is now married to him.
Chris Reed later appeared as a coach in Seasons 3 and 4; George Reinas also appeared as a coach in Seasons 4 and 5.
The winner of the competition was 23-year-old Danea Panta from Trujillo.
Season 6 was nominated for "Favorite Reality-Show Guilty Pleasure" for the second annual IVillageawards.
Forensic Files is an American documentary-style series which reveals how forensic science is used to solve violent crimes, mysterious accidents, and even outbreaks of illness.
It debuted on 27 June 2010 and ended on 29 August 2010.
The second season of The Sopranos aired on HBO from January 16 to April 9, 2000.
It is an eight-part series based on the life and career of notorious Melbourne gangster, Squizzy Taylor, and is set between 1915 and 1927.
It was replaced in episode 129 with "Sign" by Flow.
The second season of The Unit originally broadcast between September 19, 2006 and May 8, 2007, it introduces several new characters to the series.
The one-hour scripted drama revolves around two young women who were switched at birth and grew up in very different environments.
This is a list of episodes from the third season of Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C.
The third season of Blue Bloods, a police procedural drama series created by Robin Green and Mitchell Burgess, premiered on CBS on September 28, 2012.
This season has been made available on DVD, and other forms of home media, including on demand streaming on Hulu Plus.
The show itself is a spin off of its sister show, Stargate SG-1.
The fourth season of CSI: NY originally aired on CBS between September 2007 and May 2008.
This season consisted of 10 episodes and aired in the United States on Wednesdays at 10:30pm following Hot in Cleveland.
On March 27, 2013, CBS made it official by renewing Blue Bloods for a fourth season.
This was the last series to feature Slater as a judge, though he returned as a guest judge for two weeks in series 9.
Forensic Files is an American documentary-style series which reveals how forensic science is used to solve violent crimes, mysterious accidents, and even outbreaks of illness.
All episodes of this season of House of Payne were recorded in front of a live studio audience.
The first season of the medical drama series The Night Shift aired between May 27, 2014 and July 15, 2014, on NBC in the United States.
The animated series was produced by Satelight under the direction of Kenji Yasuda and consists of fifty-one episodes.
The series aired for 48 episodes, split into two parts consisting of 24 episodes each.
The fifth season premiered on October 3, 2013, followed by the series premiere of the spin-off series The Originals.
Season fifteen of Dancing with the Stars, called Dancing with the Stars: All-Stars, premiered on September 24, 2012.
Together, the three of them discover that being human is not as easy as it seems.
Almost every episode in this season featured a special guest appearance, which continues a practice used in past seasons.
In the first 12 episodes, the series attracted very similar viewership to the second half of the fifth season.
Meanwhile, the Trix have allied with a new villain, Lord Darkar.
The season features 16 prosthetic makeup artists competing against each other to create makeup effects.
Season 1 premiered on March 3, 2013 in Canada and concluded on April 28, 2013, consisting of 9 episodes.
The episodes from the nineteenth season of the anime series Naruto: Shippuden are based on Part II for Masashi Kishimoto's manga series.
The fifth season of the American television series Bones premiered on September 17, 2009, and concluded on May 20, 2010, on Fox.
Alison Sweeney is featured as the host, with trainers Bob Harper and Jillian Michaels.
The highest rated episode of the season was the season premiere, watched by 24.09 million viewers with an 8.5 rating, ranking second in the week.
Green Wing is a surreal sitcom set in the fictional East Hampton Hospital, starring Tamsin Greig, Stephen Mangan and Julian Rhind-Tutt.
The show centers on protagonist Jackson "Jax" Teller, the vice president of the club, who begins questioning the club and himself.
The third season of Parks and Recreation originally aired in the United States on the NBC television network between January 20 and May 19, 2011.
The first season of That '70s Show, an American television series, began August 23, 1998, and ended on July 26, 1999.
It was also released on DVD on February 21, 2008 in Region 2.
The season concluded after 12 episodes on March 27, 2011.
It also features Armenian and Russian actors.
The third season of Australian reality television series The Block, titled The Block 2010, aired on the Nine Network.
Shortly after, the guildhall is attacked by their rival guild Phantom Lord, leading into a guild war.
In addition to the regular twenty-four episodes, three clip-shows recapped previous events on the show.
Show creator Shonda Rhimes heavily contributed to the production of the season, writing five out of the seventeen episodes.
This was the only series to feature Cox as host, who left the show following series one.
The show is set in modern-day Victoria, Australia and focuses on the fictional women's prison Wentworth.
It first aired on MTV in 2001, and featured six strangers chosen to compete in missions, while living in a RV.
On October 9, 2013, it was announced that the fourth season would premiere on November 4, 2013.
The sixth and final season of The Rockford Files originally aired Fridays at 9:00-10:00 pm on NBC from September 28 to December 14, 1979.
Filming for the season had been in production since December 2009 and wrapped up in July 2010.
The Marrakesh Street Circuit hosts the World Touring Car Championship, Auto GP and FIA Formula Two Championship races.
The second season of American animated television series Regular Show originally aired on Cartoon Network in the United States.
The first season of the HBO television series Boardwalk Empire premiered on September 19, 2010 and concluded on December 5, 2010, consisting of 12 episodes.
The second opening theme, used from episode 15 onwards, is "Innocence" performed by Eir Aoi.
The series stars Patricia Arquette, James Van Der Beek, Shad Moss, Charley Koontz, Hayley Kiyoko, and Ted Danson.
At panel, the judges went straight into deliberation without having evaluated each contestant individually.
The new cast also debuted with a new intro.
Doki— is the 2008 sequel to the Japanese anime television series Shugo Chara!
It consists of twenty episodes, divided into two half-series of ten episodes each.
The two come together when Dr. Lydia Emerson wants to combine Lu's practice with Rittenhouse Hospital's women's practice to create the Rittenhouse Women's Health Center.
The Japanese opening song is "The Greatest - Everyday!"
TV Land originally ordered 22 episodes but later increased the order to 24.
The first season finale received 5.6 million viewers, the highest rated episode since the series premiere; with 2.5 million viewers in the 18–49 demographic.
Many of the characters are loosely based on those developed for J.G.
The directors and producers made additional contributions, with the intent to keep the fiction in the programme as true to life as possible.
The script was finished and some animation had begun when 4Kids pulled the plug because it was deemed too controversial and violent for a children's program.
Blood Lad is a 2013 Japanese anime series based on the manga written and illustrated by Yuuki Kodama.
Most episodes from the first season begin with Earl presenting the premise of the series:
Season nine of Beverly Hills, 90210, is an American drama television series began airing on September 16, 1998 on Fox television network.
The fifth and final season of Yu-Gi-Oh!
The series was won by The Wanted band member Jay McGuiness and Aliona Vilani on 19 December.
Continuing their practice from previous seasons, Parker and Stone wrote and produced each episode within the week before its broadcast date.
The two-part season premiere was watched by 7.19 million total viewers and received generally positive reviews.
The season will consist of 10 episodes.
The ninth season of The Office aired on Thursdays at 9:00 p.m. in the United States, as part of the Comedy Night Done Right television block.
After being on the show for five episodes, Stiller left due to creative differences with Michaels.
The second season of House premiered on September 13, 2005 and ended on May 23, 2006.
She was later surpassed by Molly Shannon in the 26th season.
This is the last season to feature Topher Grace and Ashton Kutcher as regulars.
The tenth season of Two and a Half Men premiered on CBS on September 27, 2012, and concluded on May 9, 2013.
This is a list of episodes from the first season of Laverne & Shirley.
The fourth season contained 20 episodes, plus the television film Razor.
The hosts were Mart Sander and Liina Randpere.
is a reality television show which teaches celebrities the art of diving.
Power Rangers Time Force comprises 40 episodes and concluded its initial airing on November 17, 2001.
The first village of Masuleh was established around 1006 AD, 6 km northwest of the current city, and it is called Old-Masuleh.
This is a comprehensive list of all of the episodes from the seventh season of American game-show Wipeout.
The series consists of eight episodes, which concluded on 24 December 2003, with a Christmas episode which was included as part of the series.
The intro was changed to accommodate Coleman's entry onto the show.
The Green Green Grass's fourth series originally aired between 8 January 2009 and 5 March 2009, beginning with the episode "The Path of True Love".
This is the first season to have uncensored episodes available for DVD release.
Factory on May 31, 2005, a few months after the release of the first season DVD.
Twoja twarz brzmi znajomo is a Polish reality show broadcast on Polsat.
Joyce is married to widower Vince Moranto.
The Tenth Season of Dancing with the Stars was announced in the May edition of New Idea magazine.
This season's episode count and title were announced in the One Piece Movie 10 Guide Book, "One Piece-Pia".
Duel Monsters GX is the fourth addition to the Yu-Gi-Oh!
The rest of Don's FBI team consists of Terry Lake and David Sinclair.
The 5th season of NYPD Blue premiered on ABC on September 30, 1997, and concluded on May 19, 1998.
Cast during February 2007, the third season started airing on the Fox television network on June 4, 2007 and concluded on August 13, 2007.
Season three consistes a total of 23 episodes.
Season 2: Decolora Adventure and internationally as Pokémon: Black & White: Adventures in Unova and Beyond, where it is a second part of the previous season.
A DVD collection box, containing all six compilations of the saga, was released by Funimation on March 7, 2006.
Spooks was awarded a British Academy Television Awards for Best Drama Series, and was nominated for two other BAFTAs and three Royal Television Society Awards.
The sixth feature film, "Road to Ninja: Naruto the Movie" was released on July 28, 2012.
Johnstone was both Clark's business partner and victim.
For this season, the show returned to the United States.
There is, however, a subtle reference to him in Season 8, episode 22, when he appears as the missing child on a carton of milk.
The aim of this label was to provide cheaper subtitled only VHS releases at a faster pace than usual.
The season continued to focus on the exploits of protagonists Stan, Kyle, Cartman, Kenny and Butters in the fictional Colorado mountain town of South Park.
The season was produced by Michael Jacobs Productions and Touchstone Television with series creator Michael Jacobs as executive producer.
The two-part episode "Lifelines" is the last two-parter to feature in the series until the return of episode titles in 2007.
The Simpsons is an animated series about a working class family, which consists of Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa, and Maggie.
The official Star Gazer website hosts the complete scripts for each of the shows.
The season consisted of seventeen 22-minute episodes, which aired mostly in two groups separated by a three-month gap.
This also marked the first win for professional Tony Dovolani.
The season was produced by 3 Arts Entertainment and the executive producers were Louis C.K., Dave Becky and M. Blair Breard.
The winner of the competition was 22-year-old Yulya Farkhutdinova from Lensk.
Disney had bought Power Rangers of the final run of Power Rangers Time Force.
The sixth series of MasterChef Australia premiered on Monday, 5 May 2014 on Network Ten.
Super Samurai comprises 20 episodes and concluded its initial airing on December 15, 2012.
The show debuted in a short run from October to November 2004, then returned the following February.
The first village of Masuleh was established around 1006 AD, 6 km northwest of the current city, and it is called Old-Masuleh.
There are 23 episodes in this season.
This season saw the show embracing the notion of serialized storylines.
The series focuses on the hospital's cardithoracic ward, Darwin.
Others lauded the way the show was able to successfully wrap-up its story arcs.
Filming on Broadchurch series two began in late May 2014, under the supervision of four directors.
The show's opening theme song was "Proud" by Heather Small.
Fausto Silva and Adriana Colin were the hosts for this season.
Along with existing trainers Bob Harper and Jillian Michaels, two new trainers will be featured who were revealed in Week 3.
Eight celebrities were paired with eight professional ballroom dancers.
The fifth series of The Only Way Is Essex, a British semi-reality television programme, began airing on 15 April 2012 on ITV2.
The second season comprises 52 episodes and concluded its initial airing May 20, 1995.
The fourth season of Frasier originally aired from September 17, 1996 to May 20, 1997 on NBC, consisting a total of 24 episodes.
The thirteen episode anime was produced by Wit Studio and directed by Hiro Kaburaki, with screenplay by Midori Gotō and characters design by Hirotaka Katō.
The twenty-fourth series of the British television drama series Grange Hill began broadcasting on 23 January 2001, before ending on 29 March 2001 on BBC One.
The series was developed by Brad Wright and Jonathan Glassner.
The main story arc concerns a pattern of cracks in the universe which appear over several episodes, sometimes going unnoticed by the characters.
The season picks up immediately after the events of the season one finale.
The English dubbed version of this season premiered on February 16, 2013 on Neon Alley and concluded on March 30, 2013.
Screen announced it had ordered a sixth season.
Anthem found an exponential growth in their work, with some episodes including as many as 500 visual effects shots.
DVDs of their adaptations were not released.
The season was executive produced by series creator Hillenburg and writer Paul Tibbitt, who also acted as the showrunner.
This season was also the last for host Alison Sweeney to focus on other projects.
The fourth season of NCIS: Los Angeles premiered on September 25, 2012 on CBS.
The first season ran for 22 episodes.
The third season premiered on September 20, 2006 with fifty overweight contestants, each competing to lose the most weight.
Other prominent character in the series include the head chef of Rustic Fig, Rudy.
The cast was increased to 13 contestants.
The cast of the television series MythBusters perform experiments to verify or debunk urban legends, old wives' tales, and the like.
The ending theme of the Extra episode is "Hello Alone -Band Arrange-" by Saori Hayami and Nao Tōyama.
The Simpsons' twenty-sixth season premiered on Fox in the United States on September 28, 2014 and concluded on May 17, 2015.
The DVD was released as a "Complete Season" featuring all of the aired episodes.
Due to this, the producers of the show decided to announce a full UK arena tour.
Madman streamed the first two episode on their website in April 2009.
Last of the Summer Wine's twentieth series aired on BBC1.
It covers shows hosted by Craig Kilborn.
The first season was hosted by Caroline Rhea.
The village itself has a difference in elevation of 100 meters.
Tom Bergeron returned as host while Samantha Harris replaced Lisa Canning as co-host.
In the United States, the series premiered on Syfy on January 16, 2012.
It later moved to 9:30 pm, swapping time slots with Enlisted.
Another twist took place on 20 March show.
The episodes are produced by Toei Animation, and are based on the final 26 volumes of the Dragon Ball manga series by Akira Toriyama.
The winners of 1st season were Zuzana Fialová and Peter Modrovský.
Jeff Goldblum joined the cast as Detective Zack Nichols.
This is a list of episodes of the South Korean variety show Running Man in 2015.
This series was narrated by Michael Angelis for the U.K. audiences, while Michael Brandon narrates the episodes for the U.S. audiences.
The season's theme meant that each of the candidates had met with heartbreak and tragedy during their lifetime.
The show remained in its time slot, Friday nights at 10pm/9c.
Spartacus: Vengeance is the second season of the American television series Spartacus, a Starz television series, which follows Spartacus: Blood and Sand.
On 14 November, Agnieszka Sienkiewicz and her partner Stefano Terrazzino were crowned the champions.
Holland's Next Top Model, Cycle 5 was the fifth cycle of Holland's Next Top Model.
Celebrity MasterChef was renewed for an eighth series following the culmination of the seventh.
The eighth series was released on DVD in region 2 as a combined box set with series 7 on 3 March 2008.
Doggett and Reyes became the show's central characters, and former recurring character Walter Skinner became a main character.
It is referred to by its DVDs as the chapter of The Six-Tailed Demon Slug.
The second part was released on DVD and Blu-ray on October 23, 2007.
Soubu High School is filled with many different types of teenagers all wanting to fit in.
Production for the series returned to Melbourne, which was the location for the fourth and fifth seasons, in the suburb of South Melbourne.
The third season of The Rockford Files originally aired Fridays at 9:00-10:00 pm on NBC from September 24, 1976 to April 1, 1977.
Episodes 41 through 53 air on Nickelodeon and episodes 54 to 75 aired on Nicktoons
The international destinations for this cycle were Batam, Indonesia and Hong Kong.
In the semi-finals it was even closer with Norm Hewitt winning 42.81% and Shane winning 36.71% of the public vote.
The show features aspiring models from the entire African continent.
In a departure from the previous season, the second season aired in a new competitive timeslot at 9:00 pm on Thursdays.
Hajime Hyakkoku of Fukai Music Factory composed the music for the series.
ET onwards, through the CTV Broadband Network.
The winner of the competition was 22-year-old Gemma Sanderson from Newcastle.
This new season has new friendships, new rivalries, new relationships, and the biggest drama to date.
The second season of Criminal Minds premiered on CBS on September 20, 2006 and ended on May 16, 2007.
It is broadcast live from the TVNZ studio it shares with 1 News in Auckland, at 7 pm every weekday on TVNZ 1.
The episodes "New Student Starfish" and "Clams" were nominated for Outstanding Animated Program category, while the entry "SpongeBob B.C."
The second season of The Mentalist premiered in the United Kingdom on FIVE on Friday February 19, 2010 at 9:00 pm.
The tenth season concluded after 14 episodes on November 15, 2006.
All the episodes in this series were written by Ronald Chesney and Ronald Wolfe.
As of December 22, 2010, Two and a Half Men is ranked at number 10 on the 10 most watched TV programs of 2010.
The 41-episode season concluded 22 November 2000.
The fourth season of the Dragon Ball Z anime series comprises the Garlic Junior, Trunks, and Android story arcs.
The first season of the Pakistani music television series Coke Studio commenced airing on February 6, 2008 and ended on April 18, 2008.
The show's first season used "True" instead of "Confirmed"; for the sake of consistency, "Confirmed" will be used on this page.
Michael Wray from Fort Collins, Colorado, won the first season of Hell's Kitchen, thus winning his own restaurant in Los Angeles named Tatou.
For a first in any block season, not only do the judges vote on the contestants rooms, but the contestants judge each other's rooms.
At the age of 61, Pamela Stephenson became the oldest contestant to ever make it to the finale.
The fifteenth season of the American competitive reality television series Hell's Kitchen took place in October 2014 and premiered on January 15, 2016 on Fox.
Talkin' 'Bout Your Generation is an Australian game show which airs on Network Ten.
The show chronicles events that take place in the "Lucha Underground Temple".
Due to unexpected low ratings, from Monday 4 April only 2 episodes a week aired and was pushed back an hour to 8:30 pm timeslot.
The second season of the ABC American television drama series Revenge started on September 30, 2012 on Sundays.
Actress Denise Burse has been reduced to a recurring role this season.
Joanna Liszowska and Krzysztof Ibisz continued as the hosts, and the judges were: Edyta Górniak, Elżbieta Zapendowska and Rudi Schuberth.
Season one takes place between March and November 1960.
This is also the season featuring the three-part, Emmy Award-winning episode "Imaginationland".
Filming began in September 2009 and the number of episodes has been extended from the usual 13 to 16.
The winner of the competition was 18-year-old Fabian Herzgsell from Salzburg.
Luffy meets several old enemies from his past in this arc, including Buggy the Clown, Mr. 2, and Mr. 3.
The season is produced by Chuck Lorre Productions and Warner Bros. Television, with series creators Chuck Lorre, Eddie Gorodetsky and Gemma Baker serving as executive producer.
The episodes are directed by Noriyuki Abe, and produced by TV Tokyo, Dentsu and Studio Pierrot.
The first block of six episodes used the song "Mega" performed by Yusuke for the opening theme.
The studio recordings took place at Bankstown Airport in Sydney.
Season two starts immediately after the end of season one with Leonard and Penny's date.
The first season of the Australian drama television series Wonderland, began airing on 21 August 2013 on Network Ten.
Season seven of Smallville, an American television series, began airing on September 27, 2007.
Originally, the second season of Heroes was to be followed in April and May 2008 by six stand-alone episodes of a new series, Heroes: Origins.
The season was released to DVD under the title of Beverly Hills, 90210: The Final Season by Paramount.
The season concluded on May 17, 2005, after 22 episodes.
Odette Annable and Michael Rosenbaum will only appear in a handful of episodes.
The series aired on April 6, 2013 and ended on March 29, 2014 on TV Tokyo and TV Osaka.
Created for television by Adam Simon and Brannon Braga, who write or co-write episodes of the show, the series is based on the Salem Witch Trials.
Season 7 continues to focus on the fact that J.D.
The production team and the cast members received positive critical response, resulting in numerous awards and nominations.
This is a list of episodes for the seventh season of the NBC television series Quincy, M.E.
Laguna Beach focuses on the lives of rich teenagers from Laguna Beach, California.
's second season aired from September 11, 2005, to May 14, 2006.
On August 2, 2013, it was first announced that Mariah Carey would guest voice-star as a redneck character in the 10th season episode "Kung Pao Turkey".
The series was adapted into an anime series produced by Sunrise, directed by Kenji Kodama and broadcast by Yomiuri Television.
The season aired on Neon Alley from January 12 to February 4, 2013.
A box set featuring just series 4 was released for region 1 on 9 September 2008.
The episodes are directed by Eric Berthier, produced by Patricia Robert, and written by Valérie Baranski.
This sparks a massive investigation by the Department of Defense, headed by Richard Parsons.
The third season of the American television comedy series The Goldbergs premiered on ABC on September 23, 2015.
The number of couples competing expanded to eleven from the ten in the previous season.
The release features the closure of most of the series' long-running arcs.
and directed by Kei Oikawa, with series composition by Shōtarō Suga, character designs by Yuichi Tanaka, music by Monaca and sound direction by Satoshi Motoyama.
The show ended its run on 9 March 2015.
The fifth season of Rookie Blue premiered on May 19, 2014 on Global.
This was the first The Bachelor franchise including the spin-off, The Bachelorette had expanded from 60 to 120 minutes in the entire season.
is the 2009 sequel and third installment of the Japanese anime television series Shugo Chara!.
The special was produced by a different company.
Season 7 of the American competitive reality television series Hell's Kitchen aired on the Fox Network from June 1, 2010 to August 10, 2010.
The premiere episode was watched by 6.77 million households, but the viewership declined almost every week in the Nielsen ratings.
All 12 episodes of the season became available for streaming on Netflix on June 5, 2015 and were met with generally favorable critical reception.
Mad TV's final episode aired on May 16, 2009, featuring guest appearances from Fred Willard and a select few former cast members.
On October 3, 2011, the title of the series was changed to Star Gazers.
After the scheduling change was made, Mirage and its partners decided to finish production on the "Ninja Tribunal" episodes and release them directly to DVD.
Such a change occurred again in Total Drama: Pahkitew Island.
Ty - supermodel, Cycle 2 was the second Cycle of the Russian reality show on the STS TV channel, a competition of non-professional aspiring models.
Bean and Emilia Clarke also received individual accolades, as did Ramin Djawadi for music.
This season also contains the first use of the "Bundy Cheer" and the first instance of the Bundys leaving Chicago.
The third season of the Australian Dancing with the Stars TV series premiered on Tuesday 6 September 2005 and concluded on Tuesday 8 November 2005.
Amy Cremen was originally under Jillian's training, but in week 5, was placed in and eliminated under Bob's training.
and the ending theme is "Tutu Ballerina", also performed by Mona, Ruka, and Miki from AIKATSU☆STARS!
The fourth season consisted of one 2AJNxx holdover episodes while the remaining episodes of the season were from 3AJNxx production line.
Some story elements were derived from the novels and from information Martin revealed to the show-runners.
Rebecca Hobbs is sister to Christopher Hobbs.
Series Seven was broadcast in the United States on PBS stations on Masterpiece Mystery!
McFly band member Tom Fletcher also made a cameo appearance during this series when his brother-in-law Mario Falcone visited him seeking advice.
Season 2 of House of Cards was one of the first shows available in 4K video format on Netflix's streaming service.
The winner of the season was British marksman Iain Harrison.
The emotional stakes are raised in season two.
A DVD of the season was released on July 21, 2009.
This was made in a deal with Viola Davis that the series would be a limited series with only 15 or 16 episodes per season.
The second season of Gilmore Girls, an American Comedy-drama television series, began airing on October 9, 2001 on The WB television network.
Dancing Stars is the Austrian version of Dancing with the Stars and is shown on ORF eins in Austria.
The season was directed by Jack Webb.
This season has been made available on DVD, and other forms of home media, including on demand streaming on Hulu Plus.
It took place mostly in Tasmania and was hosted by actor Grant Bowler.
This season was broadcast by 4kids Entertainment as Yu-Gi-Oh!
Series 3 of the long-running medical soap opera Doctors commenced on 3 September 2001.
These issues are: gender relations, family dynamics, friendship, poverty, racial tensions, and drug use.
The series also the includes Edina's sweet-natured-but-slightly-batty mother, whom Eddy sees as an interfering burden, and Edina's dim-witted assistant Bubble.
Like the previous season, this season was set at the Carlo's Bake Shop facility at Lackawanna Center in Jersey City, New Jersey.
The Bachelor 11 is the 11th season of ABC reality television series The Bachelor.
performed by Mayu Kudou with the chorus performed by Young Fresh with Mayumi+Yuka.
Biggest Loser: Couples was up 2% from its January, 2009 premiere to a 4.6 adults 18-49 rating.
It began to air on 9 July 2012.
This series concluded on 19 May 2000.
Johnny Test is a Canadian/American animated television series.
The season, garnered 12.12 million viewers average viewers and was ranked 15th overall in total viewers which is eleven spots higher than ninth season.
Furthermore, this was the last year of Adventure Time to feature Sugar and Page; they all left to create their own shows.
On the third episode, the name of the series was changed from Enterprise to Star Trek: Enterprise.
Season two of Modern Family aired Wednesdays in the United States at 9 p.m. and consisted of 24 episodes.
Season premiere "The Blessing Way" debuted with a Nielsen household rating of 19.94, which more than doubled the premiere of the last season.
The series was commissioned following consistent ratings from the previous series.
In the end, model Frederique van der Wal was unmasked as the mole and comedian Kathy Griffin took home the $233,000 grand prize.
The English opening song is "Born to Be a Winner" by David Rolfe.
Season eight of Stargate SG-1, an American-Canadian military science fiction television series, began airing on July 9, 2004 on the Sci Fi channel.
The second season of StarDance debuted on Česká televize on November 3, 2007.
However, it becomes increasingly clear that something is wrong with Heaven and that the angels have their own agendas.
Season Three received a similar positive critical reception to that of the previous seasons.
The sixth season of Dance Moms, an American dance reality television created by Collins Avenue Productions, began airing on January 5, 2016, on Lifetime television network.
In addition, the winner had another contract management from Beatrice Models in Milan.
A total of ten episodes were produced.
Strictly Come Dancing returned for its second series on 23 October 2004 on BBC One.
It was nominated for multiple awards and won three, including Best Horror Television Series, at the 42nd Saturn Awards.
Rock had become frustrated with never quite finding a voice on the show and wanted to instead focus on his stand-up career.
The opening theme is "database" by Man With A Mission ft. Takuma while the ending theme is "Your song*" by Yun*chi.
His sneaky and unprofessional methods cause the team to question his true intentions.
NBC requested several changes from the series, including fewer episode subplots and less camera movements and jump cuts.
The season was accompanied by three prime-time episodes of Saturday Night Live Weekend Update Thursday and three prime-time SNL clip shows.
The season was released on DVD in the United States on September 21, 2010, as a three-disc set.
This is a list of the various myths tested on the show, as well as the results of the experiments.
Tantsud tähtedega 2008 was the third season of the Estonian version of Dancing with the Stars, and was broadcast on the Estonian television channel Kanal 2.
I Supermodel 1 is the first season of the Chinese reality show and modeling competition of the same name.
The fourth season of the American television drama series Breaking Bad premiered on July 17, 2011 and concluded on October 9, 2011.
In Essos, Daenerys Targaryen is captured by Khal Moro who takes her before the khals; she burns them alive and takes command of the Dothraki.
In North America, Aniplex of America released the series in four Blu-ray/DVD volumes on August 13, 2013.
Fifteen years prior to the start of the series, it is said that God abandoned the world.
This season marks the first time in USA Biggest Loser history that a contestant left the show by choice.
It is set in the period from March 1942 to March 1943.
The show has been franchised to other countries: Azerbaijan, Malaysia, Indonesia, United States, Paraguay, Singapore, Thailand, and Central America.
Like its predecessor, five contestants and their nominators enter the "Handyman Rehabilitation Centre", where a series of challenges await them.
The first season of Happy Endings, an American television series, premiered on April 13, 2011 and concluded on August 24 of the same year.
The first 5 episodes initially aired as 15 7-minute segments with each episode broken into 3 parts.
This was Jocelyn Stevenson's last series as executive producer.
Tonia Michaely and Denise Dahinten replaced the two contestants.
Friends was produced by Bright/Kauffman/Crane Productions, in association with Warner Bros. Television.
Episodes in season two were written and directed by Dave Willis and Matt Maiellaro.
The opening theme is "Hohoemi no Bakudan" by Matsuko Mawatari.
This is a list of Time Team episodes from series 18.
The series features the New Directions glee club at the fictional William McKinley High School in the town of Lima, Ohio.
This season was initially expected to be Alec Baldwin's last, as he had announced he would be looking to expand into other forms of media.
Season 13 dealt with the departure of Detective Elliot Stabler from the Special Victims Unit after a shooting in the squad room.
Pony Canyon released the series on seven Blu-ray and DVD volumes between June 19 and December 18, 2013 in Japan.
House of Cards was created for television by Beau Willimon.
It consists of ten episodes, each of approximately 55 minutes.
On 14 August 2013, The Bill Series 18 Part 1 & 2 and The Bill Series 18 Part 3 & 4 DVD sets were released.
Holli was awarded an undisclosed amount of money in compensation and retained her title as the winner of season 7.
During production of the season premiere, a fire broke out near Studio 8H during dress rehearsal.
The second series starts with Mac in a coma and Guy having to perform community service as punishment for stealing the ambulance.
Many changes occurred before the start of this season.
Before the filming of the season began, it was announced that A.J.
Samuel Hoang was also introduced, as a new judge.
The series is based loosely on the book of the same by Melissa de la Cruz.
The series launched on 22 February 2015 and was immediately followed by a one-off special "TOWIE: All Back to Essex" hosted by Mark Wright.
It contained 26 episodes, beginning with the episodes "Tentacle Vision" and "I Heart Dancing".
Each represents a different face of friendship, and Twilight discovers herself to be a key part of the magical artifacts, the "Elements of Harmony".
Alexander Vlahos became part of the regular cast in this series and John Hurt returned as the voice of the Dragon.
The cast of the television series MythBusters performs experiments to verify or debunk urban legends, old wives' tales, and the like.
This time, 11 celebrities were paired with 11 professional ballroom dancers, more than the 10 of the previous two seasons.
This is a list of episodes for the twelfth season of the television version of The Jack Benny Program.
Season three won six Primetime Emmy Awards for "Outstanding Voice-Over Performance" and also received a nomination for "Outstanding Animated Program" for the episode "Radio Bart".
The Japanese opening songs are "High Touch!"
This is a list of episodes for the fourth season of Lou Grant.
The contestants competed to win a $250,000 prize which was awarded to Toma Dobrosavljevic, the contestant with the highest percentage of weight loss.
The judging panel was composed of model Inna Zobova, designer Elena Suprun and photographer Mikhail Korolev.
The opening theme for the series was Running to Horizon by Tetsuya Komuro and the ending theme was Atsuku Naretara by Kiyomi Suzuki.
This is also the first season when the cast began to perform Snick On-Air Dare.
The winners of 1st season were Zuzana Fialová and Peter Modrovský.
It aired every Monday night on Channel 9 at 8.30.
The fourth series of British science fiction television programme Doctor Who began on 25 December 2007 with the Christmas special "Voyage of the Damned".
Dolvett Quince and Jennifer Widerstrom returned as trainers, while former trainer Bob Harper takes over Alison Sweeney as host.
The fourth series of the British comedy drama television series Cold Feet was aired on the ITV network from 18 November to 10 December 2001.
Nikki Wilson, Peter Bennett, and Derek Ritchie served as producers.
The second season of the show is set began on October 19, 2015.
The season had a total of 25 half-hours of material, divided into 16 half-hour episodes, five 40-minute "super-sized" episodes, and two one-hour episodes.
The season concluded on May 10, 2001, after 21 episodes.
The purpose of this guide is to organize the episodes of 'Season 3' which was originally aired in 2005.
The series stars Fred Armisen and Carrie Brownstein.
A total of 26 episodes were produced for the season, bringing the number of episodes up to 204.
The Great Outdoors presenter Tom Williams and his partner Kym Johnson won the series, defeating NRL star Ian Roberts and his partner, Natalie Lowe.
The ratings consistently stayed above 15.0, making it one of the most watched series of the 1995–96 television line-up.
The season was filmed in Santa Clarita, California.
TeenNick, which has aired the series since 2002 in the United States, announced a summer run, following the season 11 finale.
The logo used for the first seven series of Dancing with the Stars is similar to the logo used by Strictly Come Dancing.
For this season, a new series logo was commissioned, coinciding with an increase in fundamentals of high-performance driving in the lessons this year.
Mark Webber and past season winner Billy Slater presented occasional fitness tips and interviews with the competitors in video packages.
The second season of the Australian Dancing with the Stars TV series premiered on Tuesday 8 February 2005 and concluded on Tuesday 26 April 2005.
The double episode finale included the live season finale that was filmed in front of a studio audience.
The sixth season of the police procedural drama NCIS premiered on September 23, 2008.
However, it can only be used once during the entire season and only with the consensus of all judges.
Few of the crew and none of the actors knew the identity of the murderer when filming began.
In June 2014, a series of three original anime DVDs was announced to be produced by the same staff of the anime series.
The season premiered on September 23, 2013, and ended on May 21, 2014, with a total of 24 episodes.
The English opening song is "I Wanna Be a Hero" by David Rolfe.
A short Children in Need special was also produced.
Viz Media released an English Blu-ray set on July 25, 2017 that includes English and Japanese audio with new subtitles for the Japanese.
Irwin also set a record with 8 perfect scores and became the second youngest winner of the show at 17 years old.
Gordon Ramsay and Graham Elliot returned as judges.
Orlando Brown and Anneliese van der Pol co-star as Raven's best friends, Eddie Thomas and Chelsea Daniels.
He was replaced by actor James Dreyfus, who took the character of George Sunday into the new alias, George Monday.
The season was won by Aaron Brunet, narrowly beating runner-up Paula Saengthian-ngam by 75 points to 74.
But during an incident, Airi and Ruby discovers some strange new powers together that can help them.
Despite the series featuring all of the Chelsea cast, there were notable absences from Andy Jordan, Georgia "Toff" Toffolo, and Sophie Hermann.
While "How to Marry a Moron" is considered to be the final episode, "Chicago Shoe Exchange" was the last episode that Fox broadcast.
The cast of the television series MythBusters perform experiments to verify or debunk urban legends, old wives' tales, and the like.
Goodman and Sheridan served as showrunners for season seven.
Episodes in season four were written and directed by Dave Willis and Matt Maiellaro.
Giovonnie Samuels left because she felt was too old to be on "All That", similar to original cast member Lori Beth Denberg exiting after season 4.
The series continues to follow the adventures of Duncan MacLeod, a 400-year-old Immortal who can only die if he is beheaded.
The season premiere of Secret Life brought in the largest audience for the show so far, with a record breaking 4.68 million viewers.
A new "Stig" was introduced after the previous "Stig" was written out of the show in the first episode.
The program is available free to all Public Broadcasting Service public television stations, educational institutions and astronomy clubs.
Fox Home Entertainment released the season in Region 1 on September 4, 2007.
During its run, SpongeBob SquarePants became the highest rated children's show on cable, with over 50 million viewers a month.
Doraemon is an anime family comedy TV series created by Fujiko F. Fujio and based on the manga series of the same name.
Erica Durance was cast as Lois Lane, and became a recurring character for 13 episodes.
The series was produced and directed by Stuart Allen for the first ten episodes.
New episodes continued to debut on ABC Family until the episode "Messenger, Part 1".
Since then TF1 has chosen to broadcast the program once a year, in the autumn.
This season won a Daytime Emmy for Outstanding Children's Animated Program.
Kutcher actually quit the show at the end of season seven but remained on the series for five episodes during the eighth season.
However, Tietz returned later in the year through a cameo appearance as her recurring character "Evilina" in the Ghost Rider 2 review.
The last episode aired on June 17, 2011.
Their compatibility becomes more obvious as Jim's feelings for Pam continue to grow, while she struggles with her relationship with warehouse worker Roy Anderson.
The season utilized Sydner's signature "squigglevision" animation style, though it would change to a more "conventional" style in subsequent seasons.
Character designs are done by Yū Wazu, based on the original character designs by Blood Lad's Yūki Kodama along with art direction by Fantasista Utamaro.
The fourth series of the BBC family sitcom My Family originally aired between 21 March 2003 and 25 December 2003.
The first season of Friends, an American sitcom created by David Crane and Marta Kauffman, premiered on NBC on September 22, 1994.
Germany's Next Topmodel, Cycle 5 is the fifth season of the show that was aired on the German television network ProSieben.
However, like the first three seasons, their names are in bright red front and are separated by the All That logo.
The series was created by Dan Fogelman and produced by Fogelman, Chris Koch, Aaron Kaplan, John Hoberg, Kat Likkel, Kristin Newman, Kirker Butler, and Jeffrey Morton.
Degrassi: The Next Generation is a Canadian serial teen drama television series.
Alan engages in some FBI consulting with his knowledge of engineering, and Larry returns from the space station, although disillusioned.
The opening theme is "Friendship ~for Say 'I Love You'."
The show saw many changes before the start of this season.
The series follows the overnight shift at San Antonio Medical Center, where three of the surgeons have a connection to the U.S. military.
This is the first season to air on TBS.
This is a list of the various myths tested on the show, as well as the results of the experiments.
The season began airing on January 10, 2007 in Japan on TV Tokyo and ended on June 27, 2007.
In 2017, Kieran Lee took part in the eighteenth series of Big Brother, but was evicted during the final week.
The soundtrack music is composed by Makoto Yoshimori.
This season was filmed at the Novotel Twin Waters Resort on the Sunshine Coast in Queensland.
The producers thought that Mitchell and Thompson had good chemistry on the show together.
It has been syndicated in the US on a number of cable channels.
The season initially served as a mid-season replacement for the legal drama Boston Legal, airing in the Sunday night time slot at 10:00, after Desperate Housewives.
On May 11, 2015, CBS renewed Blue Bloods for a sixth season.
There are twelve celebrity cast members this season.
The sixth season concluded after 17 episodes on December 11, 2002.
The episodes "200" and "201" were nominated for the 2010 Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program.
The second season aired Tuesdays at 9:00 pm in the United States, after moving from its previous Thursday night time slot.
The Nostalgia Critic, an Internet reviewer, began his 2010 episodes, dubbed "Schwarzenegger Month", during which the Critic exclusively reviewed Arnold Schwarzenegger films.
Season two covers their second year at the Academy.
The official Star Gazer website hosts the complete scripts for each of the shows.
Filming for the season began in September 2012 and wrapped in July 2013.
1.92 million viewers among Kids 2–11 watched the series premiere, and the series averaged 3.1 million viewers each episode during the season.
The series focuses on the fictional town of Mystic Falls, Virginia, that is charged with supernatural history.
This season began in 2002 and ended in 2003 and was taped from very early 2002- late 2002.
It was once again sponsored by Rexona, which had naming rights to the show.
The season was nominated for twelve Emmy Awards, five Golden Globe Awards, five Satellite Awards and over fifty other awards.
It was the first time, however, that a season of American Horror Story was not nominated for Outstanding Limited Series.
The Simpsons' twentieth season aired on Fox from September 28, 2008 to May 17, 2009.
Dallas Jokic replaced Cameron Ansell as the voice of Arthur, and Lyle O'Donohoe replaced Paul-Stuart Brown as the voice of Brain.
The seventh series achieved an average of 5.30 million viewers in the ratings.
The third season of the American television series Haven premiered September 21, 2012 and consisted a total of 13 episodes.
Erika Hossington continued her role as series producer, while Oliver Kent continued his role as the show's executive producer.
They discover that Sailor Galaxia, the leader of the "Shadow Galactica" organization and a corrupted Sailor Guardian, plans to increase her powers and rule the galaxy.
The show's cinematography took inspiration from noir, while visual effects house Shade VFX focused on creating "invisible" effects that would support its realistic approach.
Season premiered under the tagline of Sound of the Nation.
It is divided into the "Phantom Bullet", "Calibur" and "Mother's Rosario" arcs.
The winning team will win $100,000 prize money.
In this season, the show aired its seventh TV movie, Fairy Idol, and three The Jimmy Timmy Power Hour movies.
The winner of the competition was 19-year-old Paulina Papierska from Zbąszynek.
The episodes are directed by Hayato Date, and produced by Studio Pierrot and TV Tokyo.
The season featured 14 prosthetic makeup artists competing against each other to create makeup effects.
The second season comprises 23 episodes and concluded its initial airing on May 20, 2003.
The ninth season of CSI: Miami premiered on CBS on October 3, 2010 and ended May 8, 2011.
Aniplex later compiled the series in a Blu-ray box set released in Japan on September 30, 2009.
Hanabee Entertainment later obtained the series for release in Australia and New Zealand.
This is a list of season 5 episodes of the Extreme Makeover: Home Edition series.
Eight celebrities were paired with eight professional ballroom dancers.
The fifth and final season of the American Fox science fiction television series Fringe premiered on September 28, 2012, and concluded on January 18, 2013.
The reissued Blu-ray, was released July 10, 2012, and includes a gag reel that is exclusive to the set.
The series was released on DVD for the first time on 6 June 2012, in Australia.
On November 15, 2012 the contestants of the first cycle were revealed.
When Veronica's best friend, Lilly Kane, is murdered, her life falls apart.
Sandrine Quétier and Vincent Cerutti return as the hosts for this season.
The show is set in New Orleans which the Mikaelson family and original vampires helped to build.
Fan vote only counted for 25% of the total score and scoring was now translated directly from percentages rather than into ordinals.
The first ending theme, "Kotoba no Iranai Yakusoku" by sana, is used from episode 414 to 417.
Special guest stars in this season included Brian Doyle-Murray and Robert Englund.
This programme was hosted by Aamir Liaquat Hussain, who was also the then president of Express Media Group.
The third season received generally mixed critical reviews compared to previous seasons.
This was the fourth season to feature an all-male final.
The winners of 2nd season were Michaela Čobejová and Tomáš Surovec.
The winner of the competition was 20-year-old Jana Beller from Recklinghausen.
Lady Jewelpet is the sixth installment of the Jewelpet anime franchise created by Sanrio and Sega and animated by both Zexcs and Studio Comet.
Series 8 of the long-running medical soap opera Doctors commenced on 24 April 2006.
This is much lower than the tenth season , which was ranked 15th.
Nguyen Tran Trung competed Vietnam Supermodel Contest 2015 at Breeze Model
The third season of Emmy winning American animated television series Regular Show originally aired on Cartoon Network in the United States.
The sixth season of The Good Wife began airing on September 21, 2014 on CBS, and concluded on May 10, 2015.
The fourth season of the Canadian science fiction–fantasy television series Sanctuary was commissioned by Syfy on January 2010.
The Biggest Loser campus was located at California State University Channel Islands in Camarillo, California.
Unpronounceable Productions has been set up to oversee production for the show.
Book One: Air is the first season of the U.S. animated TV series The Legend of Korra created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko.
This is a list of episodes for Traders, a Canadian television drama series, which was broadcast on Global Television Network from 1996 to 2000.
Jasmin had previously appeared during the Essexmas special of the first series auditioning for girl band LOLA.
DVD Releases of the anime were done by Marvelous AQL in Japan.
Timothy Olyphant portrays Givens, a tough federal lawman, enforcing his own brand of justice in his Kentucky hometown.
Women are allowed more freedoms, from walking through malls and sitting in smoking bars to uncovering their faces.
Top Model, cycle 3 was the third and final cycle of Top Model.
It was later revealed that two new judges will both replace Horner.
Strictly Come Dancing returned for its fifth series on 29 September 2007 on BBC One.
The first part was released on DVD in region 1 on November 7, 2006, and on Blu-ray on December 19, 2006.
Another episode, "Blood Feud", aired during the summer after the official season finale.
Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, an American police procedural television series, premiered on September 20, 1999 on NBC.
Guest stars in season four include Sônia Braga, Joel Grey, Michael McKean, Lena Olin, Isabella Rossellini .
The series follows the lives of the staff and pupils of the eponymous school, an inner-city London comprehensive school.
Season five regular cast members include Courteney Cox, Christa Miller, Busy Philipps, Brian Van Holt, Dan Byrd, Ian Gomez, and Josh Hopkins.
The season received the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series and recognition from the American Film Institute for the show's fourth year in a row.
The season was produced by Touchstone Television, in association with Shondaland production company and The Mark Gordon Company, the showrunner being Shonda Rhimes.
The opening theme song is "Happy Go Lucky!
The entire Homicide cast returned for the second season.
The season featured a total of twelve cast members over the course of the season.
All of the episodes in the ninth season were written and directed by Trey Parker.
The first part, "Something's Coming", aired on December 2, 2007.
In this adventure, the fairies discover the importance of the Fairy Animals, which they must save from Kalshara, an evil shape-shifter and her clumsy brother, Brafilius.
The main episodes began airing on 30 April 2013.
City Hunter 3 was released as a single box set on December 2, 2003.
The hosts were Mart Sander and Kristiina Heinmets-Aigro.
The season introduces several recurring guest stars, most notably Dr. Samantha Ryan, a love interest for Gibbs.
The season's episodes were streamed as a simulcast, only one hour after they aired on TV Tokyo in Japan.
Despite originally being dropped from the show, Nicole announced she'd be returning for the third series.
The NFL Top 100 Players of 2013 was the third season of the series.
The Bachelor: Season 14 is the 14th season of ABC reality television series The Bachelor.
At first an inexperienced duelist, he works his way up to the tournament's top tier with Yugi.
Once Matrix Month had concluded, the series would return to posting Editorials every other week.
Masuleh  pronunciation  mountain range, near the southern coast of the Caspian Sea.
The second ending theme, "I Can Hear" by DISH//, is used from episode 307 to 319.
In early January 2010, NBC initially announced they were going to renew Law & Order a 21st season.
The Japanese ending song is "Puni-chan's Song" by Mariya Ise.
The third season received mixed reviews from critics and fans, while the introduction of Ruby and Bela garnered generally negative responses.
The fourth season of The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air premiered on September 20, 1993 and aired its season finale on May 23, 1994.
The show stars Grant Bowler, Julie Benz, Stephanie Leonidas, Tony Curran, Jamie Murray, Graham Greene and Mia Kirschner.
Forensic Files is an American documentary-style series which reveals how forensic science is used to solve violent crimes, mysterious accidents, and even outbreaks of illness.
The ending songs are "Which One ~ Is It?"
The second opening theme, "Silhouette" by KANA-BOON, is used from episode 380 to 393.
However, Asuna later discovers that Yuuki is suffering from a terminal illness and does not have very long to live.
Timothy Olyphant portrays Givens, a tough federal lawman, enforcing his own brand of justice in his Kentucky hometown.
The season aired from January to August 2012.
Steven Williams, William B. Davis, Mitch Pileggi and Laurie Holden all play supporting roles in the collection.
The season concluded on May 24, 2005, after 23 episodes.
The series is divided into two story arcs.
This is a list of episodes from the seventh season of Barney Miller.
Hulu began streaming the series in the United States on May 19, 2014, with Tubi TV following suit in Canada on July 15, 2016.
The first season of Baldwin Hills premiered on July 10, 2007 and concluded on August 28, 2007.
Four DVD compilations, each containing four episodes of the season, were released by Aniplex between May 28, 2008 and August 27, 2008 in Japan.
It is the third season to be aired on DirecTV's The 101 Network.
Marek Eben and Tereza Kostková were the hosts for this season.
The season was written by Antonucci, Jono Howard, Mike Kubat, Geoff Berner, Marlowe Weisman, and John Mein.
This is the last season where Steven Crowder voices Brain.
The bottom two couples perform their new routines in the "Skate-Off" at the end of the episode after the couples who are safe have skated.
The ratings dropped even further, and the show finished its last season at 104th place.
The fourth season of The Wonder Years aired on ABC from September 19, 1990 to May 15, 1991.
Drop Dead Diva season six and last season premiered March 23, 2014, and concluded on June 22, 2014, on Lifetime.
This article lists and details episodes from the ninth Series of this show, which was first broadcast in 2005.
Duel Monsters, known in the United States as Yu-Gi-Oh!, aired in Japan on TV Tokyo and the United States on Kids WB.
La Academia is a Mexican reality musical talent show shown on Azteca, that premiered in June 2002 and it's currently in its tenth installment.
The series follows the lives of the staff and pupils of the eponymous school, an inner-city London comprehensive school.
The show is produced by Si Entertainment.
The first season was about a military-science expedition team discovering how to use the ancient device, named the Stargate, to explore the galaxy.
The third season of 90210, an American television series, premiered on Monday September 13, 2010.
After the two-part season premiere, Vincent D'Onofrio, Kathryn Erbe, and Eric Bogosian left the show.
On May 23, however, a rep for ABC Studios confirmed that Body of Proof would not move to a new network.
It is broadcast live from the TVNZ studio it shares with 1 News in Auckland, at 7 pm every weekday on TVNZ 1.
The season was won by Shaun O'Neale with Brandi Mudd and David Williams finishing as co-runners-up.
Episodes 21–24 were first broadcast in the U.K. in July 2014 by Nick Jr.(UK), in 2 two-episode programs.
The ninth season of CSI: Crime Scene Investigation premiered on CBS on October 9, 2008 and ended May 14, 2009.
Ten celebrities are paired with ten professional ballroom dancers.
The eighth season concluded on February 22, 2005, after 20 episodes on British Sky One, which overtook the Sci Fi Channel in mid-season.
The season begins with the successful rescue of Data from the nineteenth century, and we learn just how long Guinan has actually known Picard.
Ben Woolf also makes a return to the series.
The season continued to focus on the exploits of protagonists Stan, Kyle, Cartman, and Kenny in the fictional Colorado mountain town of South Park.
Aqua TV Show Show is the alternative title given to the tenth season of the animated television series Aqua Teen Hunger Force.
This season has been made available on DVD, and other forms of home media, including on demand streaming on Hulu Plus.
Like the rest of the Sailor Moon series, it follows the adventures of Usagi Tsukino and her fellow Sailor Guardians.
Production on the mini-series began in August 2008, and Barrowman along with actors Eve Myles, Gareth David-Lloyd, and Kai Owen all returned.
This is the final season to feature Michael Moriarty as Ben Stone.
In week 8, the teams were split again and the competition went into individuals.
It's a prequel to Underbelly, which was about the Melbourne gangland killings, and a sequel to Underbelly: A Tale of Two Cities.
Larry sells his home and lives a nomadic lifestyle, while he becomes romantically involved with Megan.
The season finale scored 1.45 million viewers.
Cast members from the original version such as Janice Dickinson, Jay Manuel and Tyra Banks made guest appearances on the show.
Amanda Tapping, Robin Dunne, Emilie Ullerup, and Christopher Heyerdahl are billed in the opening credits as the main cast.
The sixth series of Dancing on Ice started on 9 January 2011 and ended on 27 March 2011 on ITV.
A DVD of the season was released on January 11, 2005.
As with the previous seasons, Season 3 had several episodes air out of order resulting in continuity issues.
It is considered as a Parody Anime and has slapstick humor similar to both Gin Tama and Cromartie High School.
The show was filmed in Malaysia with the state of Terrenganu as its primary location and contestants' residence.
Joan Rivers guest starred as Francine's grandmother and Camel on the season's premiere episode "Is That Kosher?".
Polito was publicly critical of the show after his dismissal.
Created for television by Adam Simon and Brannon Braga, who write or co-write episodes of the show, the series is based on the Salem Witch Trials.
The showrunners for the fourth production season were Al Jean and Mike Reiss.
The fifth season of the American mystery drama television series Pretty Little Liars began airing on ABC Family on June 10, 2014.
The fifth season of The Rockford Files originally aired Fridays at 9:00-10:00 pm on NBC from September 22, 1978 to April 13, 1979.
A collection of the two volumes is slated for a release on December 12, 2011.
It aired from 4 July to 26 September 2011.
The series premiered on Armenia TV on October 4, 2014.
The second season has been released on DVD as a four-disc set.
It consisted of 21 episodes, only 14 of which were completed before the Writers' Strike.
They thought the fit would work, resulting in the revision of the skit.
Season one aired on Sundays at 9:00 pm ET for the entire season and consisted of 13 episodes.
Shoji Meguro and Tetsuya Kobayashi provide the soundtrack.
Dancing with the Stars: Season 3 was the third season of the Korean TV show based on the British television series Strictly Come Dancing.
She was replaced by Filipino model and TV personality Georgina Wilson.
The second season of the international fantasy series Highlander: The Series, part of the Highlander franchise, consists of 22 episodes produced between 1993 and 1994.
The hosts were Mart Sander and Gerli Padar, the runner up of the first season.
Then two people are shown playing racket ball in the alleyway.
Freema Agyeman, Terrence Mann, Anupam Kher, Naveen Andrews and Daryl Hannah also star.
Crunchyroll simulcasts the anime within 24 hours of its Japanese premiere to its members, becoming a free-for-all a week later.
Claire is a homemaker mom married to Phil Dunphy; they have three children.
The series was once again produced by Rude Boy Productions, a company that produces comedies created by Fred Barron.
This season continued to focus on the westward expansion of the Union Pacific Railroad.
This series is the tenth to air following the programme's revival in 2005, and is the thirty-sixth season overall.
During the season, Conrad moves from Laguna Beach to Los Angeles.
For the third time, males were still featured as part of the show.
The seventh season of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles chronologically begins where Episode 142 left off.
Manga Entertainment released the first volume from the season on September 26, 2011, while the second one is due to October 17, 2011.
The sixth season of the television series HaPijamot was originally broadcast on Arutz HaYeladim in Israel.
All of the members of the original cast returned for the third season except Paul Schneider, who previously played city planner Mark Brendanawicz.
The third season aired Tuesdays at 8:30 pm in Australia and averaged 1,894,000 viewers.
This was the first series to feature new cast members Magda Pyznar and Damian Zduńczyk.
The series follows the lives of the staff and pupils of the eponymous school, an inner-city London comprehensive school.
The winner was 16-year-old Daniel Kildevæld Madsen from Horsens.
The first season of Cougar Town, an American television series, began airing on September 23, 2009 and concluded on May 19, 2010.
The series follows the lives of the staff and pupils of the eponymous school, an inner-city comprehensive school.
It attained strong ratings, however, and was regularly the most-watched show in the 8 pm Tuesday timeslot, frequently drawing a quarter of the audience share.
When Adam Torres, the only transgender character in the show's history, was killed off during this season, controversy ensued, including a statement from GLAAD.
However, on October 25, 2010, it was announced that ABC had picked up four more episodes, bringing the season to 22 episodes in total.
: Nickelodeon's Search for the Funniest Kid in America" to find the new cast member.
The cycle featured fourteen contestants in its final cast.
It was released by Universal Republic Records as the sixth single from the record.
The second and final season of the television series Dollhouse premiered on September 25, 2009 on Fox and concluded its 13-episode season on January 29, 2010.
Christopher McDonald was promoted to a main character after season one.
This season marks the first appearance for Ashleigh Ball as the new voice of Mary Test, Sissy Blakely, and Missy.
The season was met with largely positive critical reception.
The third series revolves around Howard Moon and Vince Noir, and the adventures they have whilst running a second-hand shop.
The winner of the first and most successful season was Myriam Montemayor Cruz in December 2002.
The winner of the competition was 20-year-old Jade Thompson from Stoke-on-Trent.
Worf meets a future version of his son, Alexander, in "Firstborn" and his foster brother in "Homeward".
Critical reactions of Strike Back: Vengeance were generally positive.
This is the list of episodes for The Late Late Show with James Corden in 2016.
Naruto Shippuden premiered in the United States in Disney XD in late 2009, with these episodes airing between April 2 and October 27, 2010.
The second season of CSI: Miami premiered on CBS on September 22, 2003 and ended May 24, 2004.
The show is broadcast on truTV, narrated by Peter Thomas, and produced by Medstar Television, in association with truTV Original Productions.
The third season of the NBC American supernatural drama series Grimm was announced on April 26, 2013.
Miranda Bailey was on a project mapping out the human genome.
When the season aired, the interest for the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles had almost faded out.
The sixth season of Frasier aired from September 24, 1998 to May 20, 1999 on NBC, consisting a total of 24 episodes.
Jonny Pasvolsky joins the main cast in the middle of season as Rob Shelton, the new overseer on Killarney.
Marrakesh has several universities and schools, including Cadi Ayyad University.
The season's storyline starts and ends at 12:00 a.m. on the day of the California presidential primary.
Crunchyroll simulcasted the series with English subtitles in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, South Africa, Australia and New Zealand.
Set three months after the events of The Animation, the story follows Minimum Holders known as Hamatora who solve cases.
The show was also nominated at the 2009 and 2010 BAFTA Children's Awards for the Kids' Vote – Television and International category, respectively.
The tenth season of Cheers, an American television sitcom, originally aired on NBC in the United States between September 19, 1991, and May 14, 1992.
The 13 episodes tell the story from both points of view – the investigating police detail and the drug-dealing Barksdale organization.
The episodes are directed by Noriyuki Abe, and produced by TV Tokyo, Dentsu and Studio Pierrot.
It consisted of 20 episodes, each running approximately 22 minutes in length.
The seventeenth season of The Bachelor premiered on January 7, 2013.
This elicited strongly negative reactions from fans of the show, and a petition demanding Brian to be resurrected garnered over 100,000 signatures.
This series also became the first series where episodes were aired out of production order, making the broadcast order significantly different to the production order.
This is the final season of the series.
On October 23, 2014, ABC gave the season a full 24-episode order.
Since there was no chance of it airing, it was shelved in the early stages of production.
Limited filming schedules sometimes forced guest actors to perform physical stunts, and the series regulars were more than willing to do stunt work.
The season featured 14 prosthetic makeup artists competing in a series of challenges to create makeup effects.
Season five aired on Sundays at 9:00 pm ET and consisted of 13 episodes.
The first season received two nominations for Creative Emmy Awards, for the visual effects from Shade VFX, and the sound editing.
Ross Bagley was added to the show's cast, playing a now preschool-aged Nicky Banks despite the character being a newborn infant in the previous season.
The fifth season of Bad Girls Club is titled Bad Girls Club: Miami and premiered on August 3, 2010, on Oxygen.
When they return, they come to discover that many of their exes have moved in as additional roommates.
On January 12, 2016, CBS announced that the sixth season will be the final season of Mike & Molly.
In this series, eleven celebrities competed, compared to ten in the first series.
The fifth cycle of Australia's Next Top Model premiered on 28 April 2009 on Fox8.
This established Without a Trace as part of the same fictional universe as the trilogy of CSI shows and Cold Case.
Edited and unedited videotapes as well as uncut bilingual DVDs of their adaptation were released by Pioneer Entertainment.
The season was ordered on July 15, 2013.
As the show's title suggests, it focuses as much on the relationship between Clark Kent and Lois Lane as on the adventures of Clark's alter-ego.
Several cast members shadowed real surgeons and nurses in preparation for their roles to increase the show's realism.
And, for the first time in The Biggest Loser history, all 3 finalists are women.
This is a list of episodes for the seventh season of the television series Married... with Children.
Germany's Next Topmodel Cycle 1 is the first season of Germany's Next Topmodel that aired on German television network ProSieben.
The girls' recently revealed birth mother Rebecca lures Sutton into her plans for the Mercer family.
The third season of The Office aired on Thursdays at 8:30 p.m..
Initially an eight-part web series, Sanctuary was successful enough for Sci Fi to commission a television series.
It was produced by Clearwater Features Ltd. for Britt Allcroft Ltd.
Mitchell and Thompson would both go on to film the final season of Kenan & Kel and then leave Nickelodeon altogether.
The opening two episodes of the series were written and directed by the show's co-creator, Paul Unwin.
It was also produced by Mark Burnett.
Also, the hurricane-themed crossover episode titled, Hurricane!
The other three judges are Kouy Chandanich, Remy Hou, and Chem Vuth Sovin.
The show stars Eddie McClintock, Joanne Kelly, Saul Rubinek, Allison Scagliotti, Genelle Williams and Aaron Ashmore.
Several problems occurred during production, including the death of scriptwriter Robert Holmes, and the resignation of script editor Eric Saward.
Portland, Oregon was first reported as the location for the twenty-eighth season in a June 19, 2012 article on the website Byronbeck.com.
The season was first announced on January 3, 2011, and premiered on July 21, 2012.
The show's episode numbering scheme changed several times during its run to coincide with major events in the show's history.
Due to a decrease in ratings for the show, several changes were done.
The opening theme is "Velonica" by Aqua Timez while the ending theme is "Sky Chord"") by Shion Tsuji.
This is a list of episodes for the ninth and final season of Everybody Loves Raymond.
The Region 1 DVD was released on December 28, 2004.
The fourth and final season of Knight Rider, an American television series, began September 20, 1985, and ended on April 4, 1986.
A que no me dejas, formerly known as A que no me dejas, corazón, is a Mexican telenovela produced by Carlos Moreno for Televisa.
Created by television writer Susan Harris, the series was produced by Witt/Thomas/Harris Productions and Touchstone Television.
The first season won one Emmy Award, and received four additional nominations.
The second and final season of the television comedy series Happily Divorced began airing on March 7, 2012 on TV Land in the United States.
As cast included as also starring Ignacio Casano and Laura Carmine.
This is a list of episodes from the eighth and final season of Simon & Simon.
The sixth season of the Australian police-drama Blue Heelers premiered on the Seven Network on 10 February 1999 and aired on Wednesday nights at 8:30 PM.
The series takes place in an authoritarian future, where omnipresent public sensors continuously scan the Psycho-Pass of every citizen in range.
For the Christmas episodes of the series, two cross-over episodes with Holby City were shown, titled as: "Casualty@Holby City".
Victor Entertainment released four DVD Box sets of the series.
Santos-Agoncillo is also joined by Chefs Fernando Aracama, Rolando Laudico and JP Anglo as the judges of the show.
The season consists of six episodes and concluded airing on February 22, 2016.
The slogan of the city even highlights its special status in the country: 'Jeddah is different.'
The first season of Phineas and Ferb aired on Disney Channel from August 17, 2007 to February 8, 2009.
It concluded its run on September 12, 2010 and contained 12 episodes, bringing the series total to 36.
Season two expanded each program from an hour to 90 minutes, and added an hour-long results show the following night.
The Bachelor: Season 9 is the ninth season of ABC reality television series The Bachelor.
People moved from Old-Masuleh to the current city because of pestilence and attacks from neighbouring communities.
The entire season can also be purchased from the iTunes Store.
She also competed Miss Universe Vietnam and The Face Vietnam, where her place as Co-Runner-up.
Viz Media released the season in five DVD volumes from April 20, 2010 to August 24, 2010.
The seventh season aired Wednesday nights at 8/9c in the United States averaging 13.2 million viewers.
This season featured the telenovela/soap opera format used in previous seasons, airing new episodes five days a week for the last two weeks of the season.
The series finale, however, was watched by over 5.69 million viewers, making it the highest-rated episode that the show had aired in over a year.
Cloverway used the English-language version of "Moonlight Densetsu" first commissioned for DiC Entertainment's dub of the first season and R for their adaptation.
In addition to the 23 regular episodes, a special, Sorting Out the Dirty Laundry, aired on April 24, 2005.
Season seven is produced by Strings  as previous seasons producer Rohail Hyatt quits on 22 January 2014. while Coca-Cola returns as an executive producer.
Season two takes place between February and October 1962, culminating with the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Maynard was chosen by Brad Womack in the fifteenth season of The Bachelor, but they split after the show.
This season aired from late 2003 until early 2004.
The first ending theme, "Never Change" by SHUN and Lyu:Lyu is used from episode 373 to 379.
The thirteenth series of The Bill, a British television drama, consisted of 152 episodes, broadcast between 2 January and 30 December 1997.
It ended with reigning MVP Peyton Manning being ranked #1, while Super Bowl MVP Malcolm Smith is not ranked on this years top 100.
The first season of the American television drama series Extant premiered on July 9, 2014, and concluded on September 17, 2014, and consisted of thirteen episodes.
The season initially ran from October 11, 2010 to March 28, 2011 on TV Tokyo in Japan.
The comedy series focuses on Leslie Knope, the deputy director of the parks and recreation department of the fictional town of Pawnee, Indiana.
The fourth season of Will & Grace premiered on September 27, 2001 and concluded on May 16, 2002.
The nominations broke 30 Rock's own record for the most nominated comedy in a single Primetime Emmy Award ceremony.
In the United Kingdom, the series began airing on Sky 1 and Sky 1 HD on October 4, 2009, two weeks behind the North American broadcast.
The season marked a slight drop in ratings compared to the previous two seasons.
The season ended with the finale "The Blue Templar", which was watched by 11.79 million viewers.
This would mark Chase's final time hosting before getting banned.
The fifth series of On the Buses originally aired between 19 September 1971 and 26 December 1971, beginning with "The Nursery".
Executive producer Conrad Green confirmed to Entertainment Tonight that the season would start off with 16 celebrities, with 3 double-eliminations halfway through the season.
Young cast actors who were already established names in the acting industry, particularly from a soap opera background.
It consisted of 24 episodes, split into 12-episode winter and summer segments.
Kung Fu Panda: Legends of Awesomeness's first season airing between September 19, 2011 and 2012.
Law & Order: Criminal Intent follows the New York City Police Department's fictional Major Case Squad, which investigates high-profile murder cases.
Sylvester Stallone, who famously portrayed the boxer Rocky Balboa in the Rocky series of films, is the show's executive producer.
This third and final season focuses on Aang's quest to defeat the tyrannical Fire Lord.
Her former flame, John Alden, returns after years of absence, complicating her wicked plan.
The first season of the Australian drama television series The Time of Our Lives, began airing on 16 June 2013 on ABC.
This format was used in the previous incarnation's final five seasons, excluding season 13.
It is known as the Signers Arc in Japan, and the Fortune Cup Duels in the United States.
The season features 16 prosthetic-makeup artists competing against each other to create makeup effects.
MVM Entertainment also acquired the series for distribution in the United Kingdom.
The season was critically acclaimed and received 22 Emmy Award nominations, the most for a single show in 2009.
The season was met with largely positive critical reception.
The first episode, "Sparkle With All Your Might!
The season is based roughly on the first half of A Storm of Swords.
Each week had one rotating guest judge.
Continuing their practice from previous seasons, Parker and Stone wrote and produced each episode within the week before its broadcast date.
The first English airing of the series was on Cartoon Network where Funimation Entertainment's dub of the series ran from September to November 1999.
The fifth season of the Australian version of The Mole, subtitled The Amazing Game, took place in New Zealand and was hosted by Tom Williams.
House of Bryan 1 set an audience record for HGTV Canada, in April 2010.
The seventh season of the television series HaPijamot was originally broadcast on Arutz HaYeladim in Israel.
Its main character is Raylan Givens, a deputy U.S.
Season ten of Beverly Hills, 90210, is an American drama television series began airing on September 8, 1999, on Fox television network.
Bogosian's character was killed off in the first part of the premiere.
The third season of Charmed, an American supernatural drama television series, began airing on October 5, 2000 on The WB.
Ruthie Henshall was replaced by Emma Bunton after two series.
Denberg was discovered by producers at a drama competition; she was invited to audition and got the gig.
This is after a preview of the first two episodes on October 19, 2013 on Cartoon Network.
The second 12 episodes finished their run on March 22, 2010.
The season stars Ted Danson and Elisabeth Shue.
The Simpsons' fourth season originally aired on the Fox network between September 24, 1992 and May 13, 1993, beginning with "Kamp Krusty".
Episodes one, three, four and five were written by Bob Grant and Stephen Lewis.
Taking place 16 months after season two, the third season begins on New Year's Eve 1922 and concludes in June 1923.
Rokdim Im Kokhavim 6 is the 6th season of the popular reality TV show Rokdim Im Kokhavim.
The show was honored as a Television Program of the Year by the American Film Institute.
This is a list of episodes from the third and final season of the original Star Trek series.
Sylvie Meis and Daniel Hartwich returned as hosts while Motsi Mabuse, Joachim Llambi and Jorge Gonzalez also returned as the judges.
Actors Jon Hamm, Elisabeth Moss, Vincent Kartheiser, January Jones, Christina Hendricks, Bryan Batt, Michael Gladis, Aaron Staton, Rich Sommer, and Maggie Siff receive main cast billing.
The first season of Fashion Star, appeared on NBC beginning on March 13, 2012 with 14 designers competing to become a "Fashion Star".
Together, they cause mischief among their family, as well as with the wide array of students at Elmore Junior High, where they attend middle school.
Production of the season began in June 2006, and was located in Los Angeles, California.
It aired on Tuesday nights at 10pm/9c.
The series focuses on the title characters Mike Biggs and Molly Flynn, a couple who meet at an Overeaters Anonymous meeting in Chicago, Illinois.
The show received several recognitions, including its nomination at the Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Children's Program.
Two pieces of theme music were used throughout the season.
Knight reprised their roles as surgical interns Meredith Grey, Cristina Yang, Izzie Stevens, Alex Karev, and George O'Malley, respectively.
However the BBC had renewed Spooks for a fourth series before the third had begun broadcasting.
The fourth season of Degrassi: The Next Generation commenced airing in Canada on 7 September 2004, concluded on 14 February 2005 and contains twenty-two episodes.
The following is a list of episodes of the television series The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson which aired in 1986:
Nickelodeon renewed this season on March 14, 2012 during its upfront.
The programme is broadcast in the United Kingdom on digital television channel ITV4 and TV2 in New Zealand
Fausto Silva and Adriana Colin were the hosts for this season.
Episodes #125 and #126 originally ran as a 1-hour prime-time special titled "Planet Of The Turtleoids".
This season, the contestants are all former athletes including former National Football League players and Olympic Gold medalists.
CBS broadcast the first season at 9:30 pm in the United States.
The seventh season of House premiered on September 20, 2010, and ended on May 23, 2011.
Piotr Gąsowski and Maciej Dowbor returned as the hosts.
New episodes began airing in April 2003, when the episodes began showing on Cartoon Network's Toonami programming block.
The second cycle of Asia's Next Top Model aired from January to April 2014 on STAR World Asia and Fox Asia.
The show features Jason Mesnick a single parent from Kirkland, Washington, courting 25 women.
Sagal's child was stillborn six weeks before term, causing her to miss four episodes of this season.
Schwahn wrote 13 out of the 22 episodes, including the final six episodes of the season.
The Strip is an Australian television show which aired from 4 September 2008 to 27 November 2008 on the Nine Network.
Dialogue rarely departed from the scripts, but other aspects of the performances were improvised.
The show's primary sponsor is ASB Bank.
The second season aired Sundays at 9:00 PM in the United States.
The series was renewed for a fourth season of 12 episodes on October 12, 2013.
It premiered on September 25, 2006, on The CW, and concluded on May 13, 2007.
The first village of Masuleh was established around 1006 AD, 6 km northwest of the current city, and it is called Old-Masuleh.
The latter became popular and was widely shared over the Internet, which led to talks for a series with representatives from Fox Network and Comedy Central.
The season takes place in 2013, in New Orleans, and follows a Coven of Salem witches as they fight for survival.
It began airing in January 9, 2009.
The season concluded on 25 November 2009 after 18 episodes.
The fourth series of Made in Chelsea, a British structured-reality television programme, began airing on 15 October 2012 on E4.
In series 2, Frontline struggles with ratings, and the network's varying attempts to heighten the ratings.
This would be Beth Cahill and Siobhan Fallon's only season on the show.
Viewing figures for the first season were extremely high, finishing at #5 in the Nielsen ratings.
After 13 episodes the show was put on hiatus.
It is also the second Jewelpet Series to appeal outside the target demographic.
The anime was licensed by Sentai Filmworks for distribution via select digital outlets and a home media release in North America.
The season's finale, "Do You Take Dexter Morgan?"
It consisted of 39 black-and-white episodes, each running approximately 25 minutes.
In May 2015, this season became available on Hulu Plus.
The winner of the competition was 20 year-old Brittany Beattie from Whittlesea, Victoria.
The late Robert Vaughn and Eddie Velez joined the cast in this season.
The main cast consisted of Dan Castellaneta, Julie Kavner, Nancy Cartwright, Yeardley Smith, Hank Azaria and Harry Shearer.
The season premiere brought in 3.68 million viewers, which was higher than the season 1 premiere.
Only one clip of the pilot is known to exist.
The ending theme for episode 44 is "Kiss of the Alice Blue" by Rey.
Nick Cannon got his own show on Nickelodeon called The Nick Cannon Show.
Season three premiered on 10 April 2007, with both Gunn and Lane coming back to host.
The program paid tribute to her at the beginning of the following episode.
The series follows Lemon as she juggles her job and her personal life.
The season follows Naruto helping the ninja alliance fight against Kabuto's army.
is a 2010 anime series directed by Takahiro Omori and produced by Brain's Base.
Its ratings were considered a success, and thus two celebrity editions of the show were created.
The new dub aired on Cartoon Network in 2005 and also aired in Canada, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Australia, and the Republic of Ireland.
The four play new characters, but take on the previous characters' respective colors and powers.
Produced by Deedle-Dee Productions and Universal Media Studios, the series was created by Greg Daniels and Michael Schur, who served as executive producers with Howard Klein.
GX that has not yet been dubbed in English.
MVM Entertainment also obtained the series for distribution in the United Kingdom.
A DVD of the series was released on 11 February 2008 in Region 2 and 7 August in Region 4.
The season was storyboarded and written by Sean Szeles, Kat Morris, Benton Connor, Calvin Wong, J.G.
Season one of Seinfeld, an American television series created by Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David, began airing on July 5, 1989 on NBC.
The series concluded on 30 October 2012 after 6 episodes.
as Foyle's War VI on 2, 9 and 16 May 2010, and on Netflix as of April 2014.
by Dev Parade was used as the ending for episodes 91-102.
On 3 October 2012, The Bill Series 10 Part 1 & 2 and The Bill Series 10 Part 3 & 4 DVD sets were released.
Saffron Burrows joined the cast, replacing Julianne Nicholson who played Detective Megan Wheeler.
The season was produced by ABC Studios, in association with ShondaLand Production Company and The Mark Gordon Company; the showrunner being Shonda Rhimes.
This is also the last season where William Healy voices Arthur, Andrew Dayton voices D.W., and Jacob Ewaniuk and Jake Sim voice the Tibble Twins, respectively.
This season is notable for establishing Dr. Mark Sloan's friendships with two other popular TV characters - Ben Matlock and Joe Mannix.
Season eight aired Sundays at 7:30 p.m. on CTV, a Canadian television network.
The show is currently presented by Art Rooijakkers.
Megan Mullally and Erin Richards joined the show as new regulars.
The season is included within the Volume One DVD box set, which was released on April 25, 2006.
The eighth season of Bad Girls Club is titled Bad Girls Club: Las Vegas and premiered on January 23, 2012 on the Oxygen channel.
It began with the resolution of a cliffhanger involving a previously unknown colony of Kryptonians.
The opening theme for the Shugo Chara!!!
UPN decided to schedule the season in the timeslot following Dilbert on Monday nights, hoping to help give Home Movies a higher Nielsen rating.
Ever since The X-Files: I Want to Believe debuted in theaters, there was talk of a third X-Files movie to wrap-up the series' remaining storylines.
Conan hosted shows at The Tabernacle in Atlanta, Georgia between April 1–4.
The ending themes, used with the opening themes, are "Holy Shine" performed by Daisy x Daisy, and "Be as One" by W-inds.
The Region 1 DVD was released on November 18, 2008.
~Hohoemi ni Naru Mahō~", performed by Rie Takahashi and Yui Horie.
The third season of the American television drama series Nashville, created by Callie Khouri, began on September 24, 2014, on ABC.
The show features fitness trainers, Christine Bullock and Mitch Chilson.
Duel Monsters, known in the United States as Yu-Gi-Oh!, aired in Japan on TV Tokyo and the United States on Kids WB.
All judges were back with the exception of Paul Mercurio who wanted to focus more on the Australian version of Dancing with the Stars.
The series concluded on 29 February 2012 and consisted of ten episodes.
However, the October 20 airdate still applies to the television debut.
Again, these were not the final episodes of the series.
The second season of the television comedy series Mom ran from October 30, 2014 and concluded on April 30, 2015, on CBS in the United States.
This is a list of Time Team episodes from series 12.
Season two follows the lives of Jenny, Bec, Sophie and Frances three months on from the events of the first season.
The eighth season of the police procedural drama NCIS premiered on September 21, 2010 in the same time slot as the previous season.
They began on 25 December 2008 with "The Next Doctor" and concluded on 1 January 2010 with Part Two of The End of Time.
Power Rangers Megaforce comprises 20 episodes and concluded its initial airing on December 7, 2013.
The show was based on the United Kingdom BBC Television series Strictly Come Dancing and was part of BBC Worldwide's Dancing with the Stars franchise.
The third season of the American television comedy-drama series Devious Maids premiered on Lifetime on June 1, 2015.
commenced airing in the United States on August 5, 2003, concluded on May 5, 2004, and consisted of 27 episodes.
Writers have been able to use a semi-floating timeline, so that the issues depicted are modern for their viewers.
There was also a new title sequence and completely new theme song.
The show also garnered five nominations at the 40th People's Choice Awards.
This is a list of episodes from the first season of the 1967 Dragnet series.
Met with generally positive reviews, the season earned Antonucci a Reuben Award for Best Television Animation.
Daniel Hartwich and Nazan Eckes returned as hosts, while Joachim Llambi, Isabel Edvardsson, Peter Kraus, and Harald Glööcker as judges.
Production began on August 8, 2014, and concluded on October 20, 2014 totaling up to 74 days of filming.
Season one was produced by the Heroic Film Company and was distributed across the world by DHX Media.
The series was produced by TMS Entertainment and Japan Vistec under the direction of Mitsuo Hashimoto.
The village itself has a difference in elevation of 100 meters.
The full season set was released on DVD and Blu-ray on July 14, 2015.
The intro remains the same as the first two seasons.
A number of changes affected the cast as well as the co-production agreement that financed the previous season.
Bullen embellished the scripts with events from his own personal life.
When Mac awakes from his coma, it is discovered that he has amnesia, meaning that he has no memory of his relationship with Caroline.
Kane Phillips, the man who raped Dani Sutherland has returned to Summer Bay and comes between Dani and her sister Kirsty.
The series was once again produced by Rude Boy Productions, a company that produces comedies created by Fred Barron.
The season began airing on September 7, 2015.
Spartacus: War of the Damned is the third and final season of the American television series Spartacus, a Starz television series, which follows Spartacus: Vengeance.
The opening theme is once again rearranged to sound similar to Season 5's opening, and the role is now shown with the regular cast credits
This season the cast consisted of 13 contestants.
This season notably saw the death of a second original cast member, Gilda Radner, who died on the day of the season finale from ovarian cancer.
Three pieces of theme music are used for the episodes: one opening theme and two closing themes.
Beginning with episode 11, 30 Rock was moved to the 10:00 PM timeslot, but, as a consolation, was renewed earlier than the other NBC sitcoms.
It consisted of 39 black-and-white episodes, each running approximately 25 minutes.
The second season of Bachelor in Paradise premiered on August 2, 2015.
The first season of the AMC American crime drama television series The Killing premiered on April 3, 2011 and concluded on June 19, 2011.
SpongeBob's Truth or Square, a television film, and the special episode "To SquarePants or Not to SquarePants" were broadcast on Nickelodeon, as part of the celebration.
It became available on DVD and Blu-ray on August 30, 2011.
The series follows the lives of the staff and pupils of the eponymous school, an inner-city London comprehensive school.
stars as a fictionalized version of himself, a comedian and newly divorced father raising his two daughters in New York City.
The sixteenth series of Top Gear aired during 2011 on BBC Two and consisted of 6 episodes, beginning on 23 January and concluding on 27 February.
In 2011, SpongeBob's Runaway Roadtrip, an anthology series consists of five episodes from the season, was launched.
The season received eight award nominations, six more than it received for season five.
The episodes are adapted from the light novels of the same name, written by Ryohgo Narita and illustrated by Suzuhito Yasuda.
On the review aggregation site, Rotten Tomatoes reported that 56% of critics gave the show a positive review, giving it a "rotten" score.
The above DVD artwork is taken from the most recent Australian release.
The show is developed and produced by Apartment 11 Productions.
He was replaced by Joe Mantegna several episodes later.
The season was produced by Michael Jacobs Productions and Touchstone Television with series creator Michael Jacobs as executive producer.
The seven episode season is based on Tite Kubo's Bleach manga series.
Several compilation DVDs that contained episodes from the season were released.
The first season of CSI: Miami premiered on CBS on September 23, 2002, and ended on May 19, 2003.
Javier Posa and Chiquinquirá Delgado are the hosts for this season.
In Japan, starting with the episode airing on June 21, 2012, a new sub-season began under the title Pocket Monsters: Best Wishes!
This was also the last series to be produced by Nitrogen Studios.
During series thirty, Casualty was awarded Best Drama at the Inside Soap Awards.
Oxygen renewed Bad Girls Club for a fourth season in April 2009.
The first sixteen episodes of the season aired on Tuesdays at 9:00 pm ET in the United States, after which the series was rescheduled to Thursdays.
The show received significant promotion using Nathaniel Willemse's song "Live Louder" in the use of its television commercials throughout early September.
It contained all thirteen episodes along with an assortment of bonus features, including optional episode commentary and animatics.
The series was developed by Brad Wright and Robert C. Cooper, who also served as executive producers.
This is the list of episodes for Late Night with Jimmy Fallon in 2011.
The season was presented by Elle Macpherson.
The tenth season of the American comedy television series It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia premiered on FXX on January 14, 2015.
In addition, a full collection, containing all seven DVD compilations of the saga, was released on January 14, 2003.
The winning team, Jess and Stella, won the $100,000 prize money.
The winner of the competition was the 18-year-old Tatiana Pekurovskaya.
The season contained seven hold-over episodes from the season 17 production line.
On November 13, 2012, The Complete Fourth Season DVD was released in Region 1.
The showrunners for the eighth production season were Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein.
This was also the first series to be produced by Arc Productions.
It was produced by Stone Stanley Entertainment and was released to DVD by Eagle Rock Entertainment on March 8, 2005.
Callie Torres and Arizona Robbins co-parent their baby with Mark Sloan who continues to have an on/off relationship with Lexie Grey.
They are the parents of three children, Axl, Sue, and Brick.
An added twist in this season is that they are required to break spontaneously into song, or else be immediately eliminated.
Despite not airing on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim line-up, it is considered more of a traditional adult's animated comedy than a children's cartoon.
The season premiere was watched by 2.120 million viewers in the United States.
Glitter Force, known in Japan as Smile PreCure!, is the ninth installment of the Pretty Cure anime television series produced by Toei Animation.
It features an image of DS Ted Roach.
The third ending theme, "Yume o Idaite ~Hajimari no Crissroads~", by Rake, is used for episode 320.
The season was also the first time the show received a nomination at the Kids' Choice Awards and won.
The role of sister Joanie was played by 12-year-old Susan Neher.
The premiere episode was watched by approximately 6.1 million viewers, making it the highest-rated scripted series premiere for a cable network.
Smallville's Season six slipped in the ratings, averaging 4.1 million viewers weekly.
The series is rated TV-Y7 for the first four seasons, and TV-Y7-FV for the fifth.
This is the only season to not have Amy Sherman-Palladino or Daniel Palladino as a show-runner or a writer.
This season also aired the first "disaster episode" of the series, "Bang", which saw the main characters dealing with a shooting in a local supermarket.
The following is a list of episodes of the television series The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson which aired in 1976:
A new Dancing on Ice companion show called Dancing on Ice: Friday was hosted by Ben Shephard and last year's contestant Coleen Nolan.
However, their plans usually fail, leaving them in various predicaments.
Filming had concluded on February 2009, 16 months prior to seventh season premiere, when the hotel reopened in 2010; however, Ugalde was not given the job.
The first season of The Bachelorette premiered on Network Ten on 23 September 2015.
Season 1 ended on December 15, 2013 with 1.29 millions viewers.
The season was produced by Propaganda Films, 90210 Productions, Torand Productions and Spelling Television and was aired on FOX Network in the U.S.
In anticipation for the DVD volume release, Madman streamed the episodes on a weekly basis beginning on October 27, 2009.
The following is a list of episodes of the television series The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson which aired in 1964:
The first series of the British comedy-drama television series Cold Feet was first broadcast on the ITV network from 15 November to 20 December 1998.
The series follows the lives of the staff and pupils of the eponymous school, an inner-city London comprehensive school.
Gordon Ramsay and Marino Monferrato returned as head chef and Maître d' respectively.
The first three compilations are composed of thirteen episodes, while the fourth compilation is composed of the last twelve.
The Japanese version features five pieces of theme music.
The season aired in a new timeslot, Mondays at 9:00 pm ET.
For the most part, from this season on each episode includes only two segments, each of eleven minutes, instead of three of seven minutes each.
Other changes included Star Trek novelists Judith and Garfield Reeves-Stevens being brought on board as writers.
Entertainment has been airing on Disney XD in the United States since July 7, 2014 and has been given a TV-Y7 rating.
Season four of Smallville, an American television series, began airing on September 22, 2004.
The fourth season of Have Gun – Will Travel originally aired Saturdays at 9:30-10:00 pm on CBS from September 10, 1960 to June 10, 1961.
Joyce is in an on-off relationship with widower Vince Moranto, who is often seen at the house.
James Roday, Dulé Hill, Timothy Omundson, Maggie Lawson, Corbin Bernsen and Kirsten Nelson all reprised their roles as the main characters.
Beginning with this season, Adventure Time moved from its long-held Monday timeslot, with many episodes instead airing on Thursdays.
Season Four premiered on 26 February 2008.
Unlike previous seasons, the competitors will be celebrities competing as individuals for a grand prize of $100,000 to donate to their chosen charity.
After the season ended, producers wanted to switch things up when looking for new cast members for the following season.
The season premiered on August 19, 2012 on VTV3.
The grand prize for the sixth season is a VIP trip from Kryolan to one of their 85 locations, a 2014 Fiat 500, and $100,000.
Broadchurch series one received widespread critical acclaim and high viewership ratings.
The season consisted of 23 episodes and aired on Wednesdays at 9:00 pm.
The show ended its second season with 21.07 million total viewers and a 6.9 ratings share in the 18–49 demographic.
Season seven officially started with "Rabbot Redux" on February 7, 2010, and ended on May 2, 2010 with "One Hundred", with a total of twelve episodes.
The Cleveland Show's second season began airing on September 26, 2010, and ended after 22 episodes on May 15, 2011.
The third ending theme, "Niji" by Shinkū Hollow, is used from episode 344 to 348.
Timothy Olyphant portrays Givens, a tough federal lawman, enforcing his own brand of justice in his Kentucky hometown.
The show consisted a total of 13 episodes.
Pakistan Ramazan was a 2014 Pakistani live transmission programme was first aired on Express Entertainment from June 30, 2014 till Chaand Raat.
The series was filmed at Pinewood Studios in London, in front of a live audience.
The series first aired on the Discovery Channel on July 21, 2009.
Episodes initially aired on Wednesdays between 9pm/8c and 10pm/9c Eastern except for the season premiere which aired from 9pm/8c to 11pm/10c.
This sixth season has eleven regular episodes.
A DVD of the series was released on 29 August 2005 in Region 2.
The sixth and final season of the TV Land original sitcom Hot in Cleveland premiered on November 5, 2014, and consisted of 24 episodes.
The second series of The Only Way Is Essex, a British semi-reality television programme, began airing on 20 March 2011 on ITV2.
"The Merchant" originally aired Wednesday, March 17, 1971 at 7:30–8:30 pm.
It began on 8 January 2002 and finished nearly three months later on 4 April.
The sixth season of Dexter premiered on October 2, 2011 on the television cable network Showtime, and consisted of 12 episodes.
Due to public demand, there was no elimination in week 1, with the first couple eliminated in week 2.
At her wake, Mary Alice's four close friends and the main characters, Susan Mayer, Lynette Scavo, Bree Van de Kamp and Gabrielle Solis, are introduced.
Rather than adhering to the previous style of "monsters of the week", they were often romantic, humorous, or a combination of both.
The houseband recruited drummer Raheel Manzar Paul and vocalist Rachel Viccaji.
The insert song of episode twelve is "Nowhere Living Now" by Kishō Taniyama, also known as Torao.
The first season of the History Channel television series Top Shot commenced airing on June 6, 2010, and concluded on August 15, 2010.
Filmed in January and February 2006, the show began airing on July 18, 2006.
For example, Ashley Jensen, who plays Christina McKinney, opted to stay in Los Angeles and eventually left the show.
The eighth series of Top Gear was aired during 2006 and consisted of eight episodes.
The North American licensor of the series, Funimation, streamed the whole season's episodes subtitled in English for free on their website.
Jessica Jones entered development in late 2013, with Rosenberg reworking a series she had previously developed for ABC.
The season was nominated for four awards and was described buy some reviewers as the most impressive of all the Law & Order series.
The series premiered in Japan in July 8, 2014 and finished on September 23, 2014.
Folk singers Tahir Mithu and Chakwal group are also featured artists.
One day high-school student Akihito Kanbara instinctively goes to save his fellow schoolmate, Mirai Kuriyama who he thinks is committing suicide.
Starting with episode 116, the second opening theme Hikari e, performed by The Babystars.
The first episode was taped on November 15, 2015 in Boyle Heights, Los Angeles, California.
The score was composed by Takanori Arisawa.
They covered the first 26 chapters of the re-release manga.
The second season of Veronica Mars, an American drama television series created by Rob Thomas, premiered on UPN in the United States on September 28, 2005.
The season aired Tuesday nights at 8/7c.
The NFL Top 100 Players of 2015 was the fifth season in the series.
The series follows the lives of the staff and pupils of the eponymous school, an inner-city London comprehensive school.
In the 12th century, the Almoravids built many madrasas and mosques in Marrakesh that bear Andalusian influences.
The first season of the television drama series The Secret Life of Us aired from 16 July to 26 November 2001 on Network Ten in Australia.
The show was the number one scripted telecast on March 23, 2009 in viewers 12-34 and the number one telecast that night in viewers.
The first season of That's So Raven aired on Disney Channel from January, 2003 to March 2004.
The series has never been released on DVD.
The pilot episode of the British programme Time Team has never been aired.
Each episode is still five and a half minutes long.
Billy & Mandy has also been made into a video game as well as various licensed merchandise.
This is a list of episodes from the seventh season of Mannix.
This is also the first time that the series had a new narrator.
It helped to make stars of its two lead roles, and several of its taglines and catchphrases have since become cultural staples.
Guest voice actors for the show's 11th season include Jane Krakowski, Paul Reubens, and Kim Kardashian.
It has also been announced that the show will get a fifth and final season.
The show features Frances "Frankie" Heck, a working-class, Midwestern woman married to Mike Heck who resides in the small fictional town of Orson, Indiana.
The season also featured numerous guest stars, including John Schneider, Susan Lucci, Carl Reiner and Joe Jonas.
Christy also has a younger son Roscoe by her deadbeat ex-husband Baxter.
The Big One" was nominated at the 2010 Golden Reel Awards.
We're excited, because his character has become a recurring character in our universe… He'll become our Sideshow Bob!".
Stuck in the bowels of the giant whale Laboon, they encounter the whale's caretaker, an old man named Crocus, and Nefeltari Vivi.
Two songs were made for both the Opening and Ending themes of the series.
It was released on DVD in region 1 on September 14, 2004.
The show was broadcast from Wembley Arena on 17 November with all proceeds going to the BBC charity, Children in Need.
The episodes were made available on Funimation's website as "Season 4".
The first season of the American political drama series Madam Secretary began airing on September 21, 2014, on CBS in the United States.
The show is presented by Toni Street and Mike Hosking.
The season follows the continuing adventures of Ash Ketchum and Pikachu as they explore the Kalos, with a heavily disputed romantic subplot.
It garnered a 3.1/8 adults 18-49 rating, beating the aforementioned NCIS: LA, as well as New Girl, and Capture.
The rival show was only produced for one season, and was in fact the official Endemol entry in Mexico.
Season one of Numbers, an American television series, premiered on January 23, 2005 and finished on May 13, 2005.
Emma grows closer to Thayer, while still being drawn to Ethan, who has started to reconnect with Sutton.
It was broadcast on TV3 in Denmark, Norway and Sweden by Viasat from September to November 2005.
This article lists and details episodes from the 2nd series of the show, which was first broadcast in 1986.
The season premiered on Monday, 20 June 2011 at 7:00 pm.
This is the third season to air on The CW television network.
The fifth series of the British television drama series Waterloo Road began broadcasting on 25 October 2009, and ended on 15 July 2010 on BBC One.
The 3rd season of NYPD Blue premiered on ABC on October 24, 1995, and concluded on May 21, 1996.
The show runners for the seventh production season were Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein who would executive produce 21 episodes this season.
Leandro is the first professional partner to win the show twice.
Titled Long-Awaited Reunion, the season follows Naruto and friends attempting to reason with Sasuke Uchiha.
It debuted on 5 July 2009 and featured the following celebrities:
The series started airing on Cartoon Network in the United Kingdom on January 4, 2010.
Season 4 of Winx Club an Italian animated series, premiered on Rai 2 on 15 April 2009 and concluded on 13 November 2009, airing 26 episodes.
The season concluded on 20 March 2012 after 22 episodes.
This season would also be the last for longtime cast member Will Forte, who had been with the show since 2002.
This was also the final series to include Patricia "Nanny Pat" Brooker following her death.
The host was presenter Svetlana Bondarchuk, the wife of Fyodor Bondarchuk who presented the first two cycles of the series.
Satisfaction continued to air on Foxtel's Showcase channel, airing all 10 episodes for the 2nd season.
The winner was 17-year-old Cindy Toli from Athens, Greece.
On November 18, 2014, TBS ordered a 22-episode thirteenth season of American Dad!.
The series follows the lives of the staff and pupils of the eponymous school, an inner-city London comprehensive school.
The first artbox compilation was released on March 19, 2008 with the final artbox compilation released on February 18, 2009.
It consisted of thirty episodes, beginning with the episode "Third Eye of the Tiger" and ending with the episode "Still Nobody's Vault But Mine".
Timothy Olyphant portrays Givens, a tough federal lawman, enforcing his own brand of justice in his Kentucky hometown.
The series serves as a prequel to the HBO series Sex and the City.
There are 24 episodes in this season.
On November 14, 2011, NBC announced that 30 Rock would return at the new time of 8:00 pm.
The City Hunter 3 discs from the set were released individually on July 23, 2008.
The series is adapted for television by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss.
Last of the Summer Wine's second series originally aired on BBC1 between 5 March and 16 April 1975.
Fit for Fashion is a reality TV show on STAR World hosted by Louise Roe, with fashion photographer Todd Anthony Tyler.
The ninth series of the BBC family sitcom My Family originally aired between 2 April 2009 and 24 December 2009.
This is a list of episodes for the second season of Alice.
The series is set in the city of Lexington, Kentucky, and the hill country of eastern Kentucky, specifically in and around Harlan.
Also unlike the two previous seasons, the contestants' driver's licenses are confiscated instead of their keys.
The third season opens in the aftermath of "Twilight", with the entire team in shock and Gibbs on a vendetta to seek revenge for Kate's murder.
Duel Monsters GX is the fourth addition to the Yu-Gi-Oh!
This was the fifth season aired on Polsat.
The 13th season was the first to be broadcast in high definition and in widescreen.
In this season, the cast would be featured walking around the studio instead of being in one area.
The season was released on DVD in a box set containing four discs.
The ninth season of the television series HaPijamot is originally broadcast on Arutz HaYeladim in Israel.
At the time of its premiere, the third season was the network’s highest-rated and most-watched season premiere ever.
Friends was produced by Bright/Kauffman/Crane Productions, in association with Warner Bros. Television.
Franks finished in 10th, Serafini finished in 8th, and Zins finished in 4th.
The first series of Geordie Shore, a British television programme based in Newcastle upon Tyne, began airing on 24 May 2011 on MTV.
These teams competed for the right to choose which of their team members fights that week, and who he fights against.
A different, shorter, and instrumental theme song was used for the program played over a montage of time lapse images of Los Angeles.
John Rowles withdrew in week three for health reasons.
The season finale scored 1.82 million viewers.
Despite the criticism, the ratings for the series rose from the previous season due to the series winning a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series.
Season 5 focused on Leslie Knope and her staff at the parks and recreation department of the fictional Indiana town of Pawnee.
The season has a total of 26 episodes each with a running time of approximately 22 minutes.
This is a list of the various myths tested on the show, as well as the results of the experiments.
The season follows the girls' second year at Alfea School of Fairies, where they strive to earn an enhancement to their powers called Charmix.
The show was created by director James Burrows and writers Glen and Les Charles under production team Charles Burrows Charles Productions, in association with Paramount Television.
Show airs two episodes weekly one on Saturday and other on Sunday at 21:00 PST prime-time slot.
The season's plot follows the introduction of magic by Rumplestiltskin/Mr.
Parker was the director and writer for all episodes, and Robert Lopez was the writer in this eleventh episode for the fifteenth season.
The anime premiered on the TV Tokyo and other TXN stations on April 1, 2007 containing twenty-seven episodes.
The 25th series of The Bill, a British television drama, was the penultimate series of the programme.
It also marked the finale regular appearances of Det.
Turk and Carla are trying to have a baby, despite Turk still having doubts.
The series also features original music by Kousuke Yamashita as well as various insert songs sung by Kōji Wada.
Billy & Mandy was a spin-off of Grim & Evil, along with Evil Con Carne.
KITT could also convert into an open convertible.
The show premiered on May 23, 2011, featuring Ashley Hebert dating 25 men.
Episodes in season eight were written and directed by Dave Willis and Matt Maiellaro.
Winkleman returned to co-host the show on 22 November.
The set featured a plastic "clam-shell" Homer-head design and received many complaints.
The third season of American Disney Channel teen sitcom Hannah Montana aired from November 2, 2008 until March 14, 2010.
The story revolves around the battle between the united Signers, and the evil Dark Signers.
The 42-episode season concluded 26 November 2003.
The collection contains five episodes from the third season, eight from the fourth season, and two from the fifth.
The eighth season of CSI: Miami premiered on CBS on September 21, 2009 and ended May 24, 2010.
Suite PreCure is the eight Pretty Cure anime television series produced by Toei Animation.
The season concluded after 24 episodes on May 22, 2013.
This was the only season of the show for Stiller.
Ratings dipped, but finished still finished the number 2 show for the year with 2,240,000 in the five cities.
The season introduced a new regular character, Lindsay Monroe, after regular Aiden Burn was fired.
It began airing the series on ABC2 and ABC iview beginning January 19 till June 29, 2009.
The finale wraps up with a revelation that shakes the whole team.
This is a list of episodes for The Colbert Report in 2009.
The third season of the animated television series, Archer originally aired in the United States on the cable network FX.
Teddy Altman starts a relationship with Andrew Perkins, a trauma counselor, but later falls for her patient, Henry Burton.
Salt was appointed the series medical advisor.
Their adaptation aired from February 10, 2012 to April 23, 2012.
It aired from September 9, 2010 until May 12, 2011 with a total of 22 episodes.
The series was nominated for five Emmy Awards, four Saturn Awards and two Hugo Awards but did not win in any categories.
The Green Green Grass's third series originally aired between 2 November 2007 and 21 December 2007, beginning with the episode "But is it Art?".
On June 4, 2015, it was announced that Degrassi would no longer air on TeenNick or MTV Canada following the fourteenth season.
The twelfth season includes the show's 250th episode, Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, which is the fifth episode in the season.
In the first episode to feature this change, Jazz expresses amazement while Will just stares uneasily into the camera.
After concluding in 2012, it was succeeded by Charmed: Season 10 which debuted on October 8, 2014 and ended on September 14, 2016.
The show is broadcast on HLN, truTV, narrated by Peter Thomas, and produced by Medstar Television, in association with truTV Original Productions.
Daniel Baldwin publicly criticized NBC Entertainment president Warren Littlefield over the matter, and it was initially reported Ned Beatty would not return at all.
The first series of the British television drama series Grange Hill began broadcasting on 8 February 1978, before ending on 5 April 1978 on BBC One.
The series takes place at the new Sacred Heart Hospital, located on the Winston University campus.
The season was executive produced by series creator Hillenburg, while writer Paul Tibbitt acted as the supervising/co-executive producer and showrunner.
The season received mixed reviews from television commentators, particularly "Torpedo", "Spaghetti Western and Meatballs" and "Art Crawl", however some critics disliked the themes of the episodes.
If both had ties going through one point.
The sixth season of the Fairy Tail anime series was directed by Shinji Ishihira and produced by A-1 Pictures and Satelight.
The series uses three pieces of musical themes: one opening theme, one ending theme and one insert song.
The eighth series of the BBC espionage television series Spooks began broadcasting on 4 November 2009 before ending on 23 December 2009.
The seasons seventh episode, "Messin' with the Kid" achieved a series high in Adults 18–34 with a 2.7 rating.
A number of American cast members were introduced during this series including Alik Alfus, Billie Carroll, and Jules Hamilton.
It premiered on September 21, 2010 as the first season to be filmed in high definition, and concluded on December 14, 2010.
This is the fourth season aired on Polsat.
This is a list of episodes from the first season of Barnaby Jones.
This season includes 8 regular half-hour episodes.
The twenty-seventh series of Casualty began airing on BBC One on 18 August 2012 with an episode featuring a disaster at a music festival.
The show was also nominated for Outstanding Technical Direction, Camerawork, Video Control for a Series and Outstanding Multi-Camera Picture Editing For A Comedy Series.
Directors include Justin Molotnikov, Ashley Way, Alice Troughton and Declan O'Dwyer.
The second season, which contains 25 episodes, aired between April 10, 1978 and September 25, 1978 on the Japanese television network NTV.
Newer cast members Beth Cahill and Siobhan Fallon were both fired to make room in the cast.
It featured 7 craftsmen, one of which would be the mentor in each episode.
The season premiered on Monday, 16 April 2012 at 7:00 pm.
In the United States the season aired on Thursdays at 9:00 pm ET on The CW television network.
The series uses four pieces of theme music: two opening themes and two ending themes.
The team colours were changed in 2013, with an orange team and a black team, consistent with the branding of series sponsor Mitre 10 Mega.
The season was produced by Chuck Lorre Productions and Warner Bros. Television, with series creators Chuck Lorre, Eddie Gorodetsky and Gemma Baker serving as executive producer.
Faustão and Adriana Colin were the hosts for this season.
There is also a side story revolving around Itachi Uchiha's life in the Leaf Village and his early days in the Akatsuki.
Original cast members Katrina Johnson and Alisa Reyes both had left the show.
The second opening is "Strike Back", performed by Back-On, while the second ending, "Kokoro no Kagi", is performed by May J.
Charmed comics were officially licensed continuations of the popular television series of the same name, which ended its eight-year run in 2006.
2 Broke Girls is an American television sitcom created by Michael Patrick King and Whitney Cummings, who also serve as executive producers.
The Region 1 DVD was released on November 18, 2014.
The show moved from Tuesdays at 10:00 p.m. to Sundays at 9:00 p.m.
The winner of the competition was 15-year-old Helina Metsik, from Pärnu.
Her long-suffering daughter, Saffron "Saffy", whom Edina is reliant upon, is a Sixth form student and remains at home.
The majority of the filming took place in Los Angeles, California, with two weeks of additional shooting in Wales.
It was also the final season to feature Ward as the showrunner.
The second season began airing on September 24, 2015, with 15 episodes like the previous season, and concluded on March 17, 2016.
The seventh season of the American fictional drama television series ER first aired on October 12, 2000 and concluded on May 17, 2001.
The complete season DVD was released by Shout!
The season concluded on May 21, 2002, after 22 episodes.
The tenth season of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles was the final season of the series.
This season was alternatively known as Saturday Night Live '80.
The third ending theme, "Tabidatsu Kimi e" by RSP is used for episodes 256 to 265.
Writers also brought in several DC Comics characters, Maggie Sawyer, Morgan Edge, and most notably Perry White, in special guests spots.
The other writers who worked on this series included Toby Whithouse, Jamie Mathieson, Catherine Tregenna, Peter Harness, Mark Gatiss, and Sarah Dollard.
When Mark Rendall was hired to voice for Arthur in season 7, he also re-dubbed for the U.S. reruns of season 6.
"Fatbeard" was praised by the crew of the USS Bainbridge, which was involved in the 2009 rescue of the MV Maersk Alabama from Somali pirates.
Broadcast in the Sunday night timeslot at 9:00 ET, the season aired twenty-three regular episodes.
Both episodes starred Matt Smith as the Eleventh Doctor and Jenna Coleman as Clara Oswald.
The season was internationally syndicated, airing in the United Kingdom on ITV, in Canada on Citytv and SPACE, and in Australia on Network Ten.
The latter gave birth to her baby and went on maternity leave, but decided not to return to the show during her leave.
The series stars Lisa Kudrow as Fiona Wallice, a therapist who has conceived of a new form of therapy: the titular "web therapy".
The season concluded with the two-part finale "Hot Diggity Doom" and "The Comet", which was viewed by 1.55 million viewers.
The winner was 20-year-old Louise Mørck Mikkelsen from Odense.
The second series of Dani's Castle aired from 14 November 2013 to 3 January 2014 on the CBBC Channel.
The fifth season comprises 22 episodes and concluded its initial airing on May 11, 2006, marking the final season that aired on The WB.
The show returned in June 2002, restarting from the beginning, as a summer replacement series on Tuesdays.
After the first episode aired, the show became an instant hit in Britain.
Gabby Logan and Vernon Kay hosted the show, with Andy Banks, Jo Brand and Leon Taylor as judges, and commentary by Alan March.
Ordered in early 2011, Book Two: Spirits began airing on Nickelodeon in the U.S. on September 13, 2013.
It premiered on October 30, 2015 and concluded on May 20, 2016.
The entire season eleven cast renewed their contracts and returned for the new season.
The second season premiered on YTV on October 4, 2010 and the season finale aired on December 6.
It also began airing in the UK on Wednesday August 11, at 9 pm.
On July 10, a special called "Anti-Poof" also aired.
Season seven aired Mondays at 7:30 p.m. on CTV, a Canadian terrestrial television network.
Tom Bergeron and Brooke Burke Charvet returned as hosts, while Carrie Ann Inaba, Len Goodman, and Bruno Tonioli all returned as judges.
The celebrities cast were revealed on 27 August 2013, via the networkers website, along with their professional partners and on Today Tonight.
Dr. Foreman rejoins the team after his dismissal from another hospital.
Each volume contained a picture drama episode as a bonus.
The sixth season of Without a Trace began airing in United States on September 27, 2007.
The episodes are directed by Hayato Date and produced by Studio Pierrot and TV Tokyo.
The Region 1 DVD was released on August 25, 2015.
In the US, streaming was available from October 26, 2006 at 3:01 a.m.
With the strike resolved, the CW announced that six more episodes would be produced bringing the episode count to eighteen.
It was nominated for multiple awards and won three, including Best Syndicated/Cable Television Series for the second consecutive year, at the 40th Saturn Awards.
The fourth season was released on DVD in region 1 on June 26, 2012.
It was moved from Tuesdays to Wednesdays at 9pm/8c ET for the NBC broadcast.
The season aired its premiere in the United States between January 18, 2014 and December 20, 2014 on Cartoon Network.
This article lists and details episodes from the eighth series of the show, which was first broadcast in 2004.
Both studios were interested in the series, but each demanded creative control and Antonucci refused.
It was won by Norm Hewitt and his partner Carol-Ann Hickmore, with 62.42% of the public vote.
Almost all of the series' episode titles correspond to real songs, composed by Japanese or foreign artists.
The second season was released on DVD and Blu-ray in region 1 on May 5, 2015.
FX broadcast the second season on Thursdays at 10:30 pm in the United States.
For the first eleven episodes, the opening theme is "Abnormalize" by Ling Tosite Sigure whilst the ending theme is "The Monster With No Name" by Egoist.
Power Rangers Mystic Force comprises 32 episodes and concluded its initial airing on November 13, 2006.
Cast includes Alison Whyte, Madeleine West, Peta Sergeant, Kestie Morassi, Bojana Novakovic, and Diana Glenn.
The fourth season of Friends, an American sitcom created by David Crane and Marta Kauffman, premiered on NBC on September 25, 1997.
The series consisted of 92 episodes, and saw the conclusion of the show's longest running-storyline, featuring the disappearance of schoolgirl Amy Tennant.
This is a list of Time Team episodes from series 17.
Because House is unwilling to apologize, the patient, police detective Michael Tritter, starts an investigation around House's Vicodin addiction.
The show airs on SBS as part of their Good Sunday lineup.
The show's episode numbering scheme changed several times during its run to coincide with major events in the show's history.
This arc would continue, and end, with the next season.
The anime uses ten pieces of theme music: two opening themes, four ending themes and four insert songs.
The season was licensed for a dubbed broadcast in English by Animax Asia, which released it as part of "Season 3".
The spin-off was intended as an alternative to a long mid-season hiatus, which led to a drop in ratings for Heroes in its first season.
Special effects company Entity FX became the primary effects unit for the show this season, winning awards for two of the episodes they worked on.
On July 10, 2012, the full season was released on Region 1 DVD; a Blu-ray edition was released on June 4, 2013.
The series won several awards at TVyNovelas Awards for Best Original Story or Adaptation, Best Direction and Best Direction of the Camaras.
The series comprises 13 episodes, six of which Moffat wrote.
The season consists of 10 episodes and concluded on March 9, 2016.
The third season of Wilfred premiered on FX on June 20, 2013.
Ron MacLean returns as the show's host.
The DVD version was released on September 4, 2013 under the title of The Fourth Great Ninja War - Assailants From Afar.
The series was directed by Tristram Shapeero and Dominic Brigstocke.
Producers saw their chance to capitalize on her fame and gave her own show.
The following is a list of episodes of the television series The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson which aired in 1965:
Law & Order: Criminal Intent is an American police procedural television series set and filmed in New York City.
The contestants have been split into 3 teams, the white team trained by Jillian, the blue team by Bob, and the Red team by Dolvett.
"Destination Lost" aired before the premiere, "Lost: Revelation" aired before the tenth episode and "Lost: Reckoning" aired before the twentieth episode.
The series aired on ABC in Japan between February 7, 2016 and January 29, 2017, replacing Go!
The fourth season of Ellen, an American television series, began September 17, 1996, and ended on May 13, 1997.
This was also the first series not to include Lucy Mecklenburgh after her departure during the Christmas special after the tenth series.
The series launch was set to coincide with the launch of a new law in Ontario prohibiting the use of handheld electronic devices while driving.
This makes the episode "The Futurama Holiday Spectacular" the mid-season finale, despite airing almost twelve weeks after Futurama's 100th episode.
Jeunesse, the children's service of TF1, every Wednesday morning.
The second season of the television comedy series Arrested Development aired between November 7, 2004 and April 17, 2005, on Fox in the United States.
It consists of twenty-two fifteen-minute episodes, which is four episodes less from the previous series, and is the fourth series in the Tracy Beaker franchise.
The second series of Dancing with the Stars premiered on 7 May 2006.
The timeslot changed to Thursdays at 9:30 p.m. from January 5, 2006 to May 11, 2006.
Private Practice was renewed for a sixth season on May 11, 2012.
The season features two step-brothers on summer vacation trying to make every day the best day ever, while their sister tries to bust them.
The winner was Nathan Odom, a 12-year-old from San Diego, California, with 11-year-old Andrew Zappley from West Deptford, New Jersey being the runner-up.
Power Rangers RPM is an American television series and the seventeenth season of the Power Rangers franchise, began airing on March 7, 2009 on ABC Kids.
The second season of The Mighty B!
Quintel, Mike Roth, John Infantino, Sean Szeles, Michele Cavin, and Matt Price, who is also the story editor.
The episodes were made available on Funimation's website as "Season 5".
The second season of The Twilight Zone aired Fridays at 10:00–10:30 pm on CBS from September 30, 1960 to June 2, 1961.
Most episodes consist of two parallel stories running at the same time, much like the initial transition to hour episodes in 1998.
Focusing on Luffy, Jimbei and the escaped convicts from Impel Down, they infiltrate Marineford to save Ace, but he is eventually killed.
From episodes 14-26, the series is divided into a third series.
Al Brown and New Zealand Co-Restaurateurs of the Year Mark Wallbank join the judging panel with Josh Emett, replacing Ray McVinnie and Simon Gault.
New cast members included Ellen Cleghorne, Siobhan Fallon and writer Robert Smigel.
Season two increased in ratings, averaging 4.50 million viewers weekly, and is currently the highest season.
It was also announced it would move to a new time-slot on Tuesdays at 9:00pm, as a lead-in to Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23.
The Biggest Loser is the third season of the NBC reality television series entitled The Biggest Loser.
Only 17 out of 45 episodes survive in the BBC archives; 28 remain missing.
The season was re-released as Futurama: Volume 1, with entirely different packaging to match the newer season releases on July 17, 2012.
Despite the economic recession, real estate and hotel development in Marrakesh has grown dramatically in the 21st century.
The fourth season is the only season of How I Met Your Mother to be nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series.
The seventh series received healthy ratings, with both BBC One and BBC Three ratings together achieving 6.13 million viewers per episode.
All of the episodes were written by Roy Clarke and directed by Alan J. W. Bell.
Season ten of Smallville, an American television series, premiered on September 24, 2010 and consisted of 22 episodes.
Black has moved to Seattle, Washington with his family and has begun working with a mysterious organization known only as the Millennium Group.
Season one of Modern Family aired Wednesdays in the United States at 9 p.m. and consisted of 24 episodes.
This is a list of episodes for the ninth season of the television version of The Jack Benny Program.
Sylvie van der Vaart and Daniel Hartwich returned as hosts.
The third season of "Weeds" received universal praise and is often regarded as the best and most interesting season of the show.
Elisa Beristain, Estela Mora, Rosie Rivera and Victoria del Rosal returned, with four new women joining.
Each episode ran approximately 45 minutes in length, with the season premiere and finale being extended to approximately 90 minutes in length.
Skins is a British teen drama created by father-and-son television writers Bryan Elsley and Jamie Brittain for Company Pictures.
This is a list of episodes for the premiere season of the television series Married... with Children.
Former character designer Andy Ristaino and series' art director Nick Jennings both won Emmys for "Outstanding Individual Achievement In Animation" in 2013 and 2014, respectively.
The entire season originally aired Mondays at 9pm, just like the seasons before.
Marcy remained single for the remainder of the season.
The fifth season of CSI: Crime Scene Investigation premiered on CBS on September 23, 2004 and ended May 19, 2005.
The season airs on Wednesdays at 8:30pm.
Production for the season began in April 2013 at Epitome Pictures' studios in Toronto, Ontario.
Len Goodman, Bruno Tonioli, Craig Revel Horwood and Arlene Phillips returned as judges.
On Sunday, for the results show, Daly is joined by Strictly Come Dancing: It Takes Two presenter Claudia Winkleman.
The region 1 DVD was released on October 14, 2006.
The season concluded on May 9, 2006, after 22 episodes.
It consisted of thirteen episodes, each running approximately 47 minutes in length.
This was due to a lawsuit from TV Tokyo.
Chris Farley, Chris Rock and Julia Sweeney were upgraded to repertory status, while Tim Meadows remained in the middle group.
The show has been franchised to other countries: Azerbaijan, Malaysia, Indonesia, United States, Paraguay, Singapore, Thailand, and Central America.
After airing only 6 episodes, ABC gave the show a full season pickup of 23 episodes.
Every episode from June 10 until August 15 was guest hosted by John Oliver, as Stewart had left temporarily to direct Rosewater.
The fourth season covers their graduation from the Academy.
The series stars William Petersen and Marg Helgenberger.
It is the third season of The Real World to be filmed in West South Central States region of the United States, specifically in Louisiana.
This is also the first year of The Daily Show to be hosted by Trevor Noah, whose first episode was on September 28, 2015.
Suzy had been married to husband Steve Darling for 15 years and they have two children son Elvis, 13, and daughter Verity, 8.
It continues to follow Dr. Frasier Crane's experiences as a radio psychiatrist and efforts of getting closer with his father and brother.
The contest picked five finalists, and all of them performed a sketch with some of the cast members.
Scoring returned to using traditional whole numbers, instead of continuing with the fractional scores introduced for the previous season.
The pilot received great reviews and an Artios Award nomination for Best Casting for TV, Comedy Pilot.
The sixth season was ordered on May 18, 2014, by ABC.
Pony Canyon released the series in Japan on six Blu-ray and DVD volumes starting on July 3, 2013.
The series follows the lives of the staff and pupils of the eponymous school, an inner-city London comprehensive school.
Tyler later learns of his family's werewolf curse.
The teams were each led by a personal trainer, Bob Harper with the Blue Team and Jillian Michaels with the Red Team.
The season featured fifteen contestants, along with an additional sixteenth who entered as a replacement, who competed together for approximately fourteen weeks.
They are played by James Nesbitt, Helen Baxendale, John Thomson, Fay Ripley, Robert Bathurst and Hermione Norris respectively.
It consisted of 22 episodes, each approximately 22 minutes in length.
The following is a list of Law & Order episodes from the series' twelfth season, which originally aired from September 26, 2001 to May 22, 2002.
From episode 33-49, the ending theme was changed to "Ganbalance de Dance ~Yumemiri Kiseki-tachi~", performed by Miyamoto with the PreCure 5.
The second season of the Fox television series Sleepy Hollow premiered on September 22, 2014, and concluded February 24, 2015, consisting of 18 episodes.
The complete first season was released on DVD and Blu-ray in Australia on 18 November 2013.
Clark's friendship with Lex becomes increasingly strained, as he begins to distrust Lex more and more.
The two minute episodes of the show, airs at the end of Maya & Miguel, or online along with the one minute episodes.
The four final episodes first aired in South Korea in mid-late December 2016.
This was the last season to air on Mondays.
The English version of the season aired for Neon Alley on May 30, 2015.
The series follows the Weavers, a family of humans who relocate to a gated community, which happens to be inhabited by aliens, such as the Bird-Kersees.
In the meantime, Joey searches for ways to launch his comedy career.
In the season, the Stewarts and Lilly move to a ranch in Malibu.
Filming ran from July to August 2008 and the premiere aired September 4, 2008.
Between January 24 and December 28, 2004, Funimation Productions released eleven DVD sets for the season, containing episodes from the season.
Despite marketing issues, the remaining twelve ended up as part of the first season, which concluded its initial airing on March 23, 2009.
The fifth season introduces future main character Jonas Quinn portrayed by Corin Nemec from 2002–2004.
Production lasted a total of three months, and the footage was divided into twelve episodes.
The series features the New Directions glee club at the fictional William McKinley High School in the town of Lima, Ohio.
The fourth season of CSI: Crime Scene Investigation premiered on CBS on September 25, 2003 and ended May 20, 2004.
The season aired from May to August 2014.
The 7th season of NYPD Blue premiered on ABC on January 11, 2000, and concluded on May 23, 2000.
The first two DVD compilations contain four episodes of the season, and the last two contain five episodes.
Additionally, tickets for the bands' comeback went on sale shortly after the end of the premiere episode and sold out in under five minutes.
The sixth season of That '70s Show, an American television series, began October 29, 2003, and ended on May 19, 2004.
This is also the first appearance of Kathleen Robertson as Clare Arnold and Mark Damon Espinoza as Jesse Vasquez.
Elliot gets into a serious relationship with Sean Kelly and tries to work out their long-distance relationship while he is in New Zealand for six months.
Masuleh  pronunciation  mountain range, near the southern coast of the Caspian Sea.
The season consisted of 20 episodes, in which ten episodes aired in the summer of 2016, with the remaining ten episodes aired from April 2017.
It was filmed on the Yucatán Peninsula in Mexico, and based primarily at the Occidental Grand Flamenco Xcaret Resort.
Season two regular cast members include Shailene Woodley, India Eisley, Daren Kagasoff, Francia Raisa, Kenny Baumann, Molly Ringwald, Mark Derwin, Megan Park, and Greg Finley II.
It focuses on the franchise's heroine, Fujiko Mine, as she undergoes various missions and encounters the rest of the Lupin III cast for the first time.
The first season of the American comedy television series It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia premiered on FX on August 4, 2005.
The series follows the life of Melinda Gordon, who has the ability to see and communicate with ghosts.
The judges were Paweł Królikowski, Katarzyna Skrzynecka, DJ Adamus and Małgorzata Walewska.
This is a list of episodes for the eleventh and final season of the television series Married... with Children.
Judges George Calombaris, Gary Mehigan and Matt Preston returned from the previous series.
This season of what began as NBC's Saturday Night saw the departure of Chevy Chase after the October 30th episode hosted by Buck Henry.
The second season of the American television drama series Mistresses premiered on June 2, 2014, on ABC.
Madman Entertainment licensed the series in Australia and New Zealand, who made the series available on AnimeLab.
The sixth feature film, "Road to Ninja: Naruto the Movie" was released on July 28, 2012.
It placed second in its timeslot for its demo rating, beaten out only by Family Guy.
In response to fan complaints about scheduling in the previous seasons, ABC decided to air the episodes without reruns, albeit in two separate blocks.
The first compilation was released on December 10, 2002 and the twelfth on December 9, 2003.
The tenth season of All That aired from early 2005 until late 2005.
The show's episode numbering scheme changed several times during its run to coincide with major events in the show's history.
Another issue could be its licensing to Netflix, an on-demand Internet streaming media, the previous year.
Cartoon Network ended up commissioning the show after agreeing to let Antonucci have control of the show.
The English dub of this season originally featured the third Dragon Ball Z film The Tree of Might as a three-part episode.
The fourth season of the One Piece anime series was directed by Konosuke Uda and produced by Toei Animation.
Damian Whitewood, from the Broadway dance revue Burn the Floor, joined the list of professionals this season.
Rashaad Santiago of The Bronx, New York City, New York won this season.
The first season was released on DVD in region 1 on December 12, 2000, and on Blu-ray on November 24, 2009.
The show was again hosted by Tom Bergeron and Samantha Harris.
The first season of The Mentalist premiered on September 23, 2008 and concluded on May 19, 2009.
This was the final season to be aired in 90 minutes.
The judges then decided which performance was best and every celebrity in the winning team had their previous scores doubled.
He eventually narrows them down to seven, firing one each episode.
The opening credit sequence consisted of a montage of stock time-lapse videography of New York City scenes while the theme music remained the same.
For episodes 130 to 154, the opening theme is "Road to Tomorrow - Going My Way!"
The show was created by Riaz Mehta and produced by Singapore-based Imagine Group.
Despite the negative aspects of ratings and awards, the season managed to receive a spot on Movieline's top ten list.
A "Best of Top Gear" special for the series was aired on 4 January 2004.
Jaime Pressly and Beth Hall, who play co-Alcoholics Anonymous members Jill and Wendy, respectively, were upgraded to series regular status for this season.
NBC announced the series' cancellation in May 2014, however in June 2014 Yahoo!
The 10 episodes listed below were broadcast as season 12, and the other 10 were broadcast as season 13.
The season's English version was streamed on Neon Alley from December 28, 2013 to May 17, 2014.
The DC comics team agreed to postpone their wedding issue.
This is the first season in which Canadian Tire is the primary sponsor.
The second season of the television comedy series The Middle aired between September 22, 2010 and May 25, 2011, on ABC in the United States.
The main cast of the show were Henriksen as Frank Black and Megan Gallagher as Catherine Black.
Aniplex released the complete series in Japan on nine DVD volumes between July 25, 2007 and March 26, 2008.
The third season of the Australian drama Sea Patrol premiered as Sea Patrol 3: Red Gold on the Nine Network on 18 May 2009.
At one point during the season, sixteen people were listed as cast members or featured players.
The season was released on DVD by Universal Studios Home Entertainment in a four-disc box set in the Region 1 area on September 2, 2008.
The season ended with the cliffhanger "The Lich", which was viewed by 2.589 million viewers; the story was resolved at the start of season five.
It was released on DVD as a six disc boxed set under the title of Ally McBeal: Season Five on February 10, 2003.
The second season from the anime series Naruto is directed by Hayato Date, and produced by Studio Pierrot and TV Tokyo.
Most episodes revolve around the dissimilar castaways' conflicts and their failed attempts—invariably Gilligan's fault—to escape their plight.
Part 2" by Kitagawa, while the ending theme is "Mahō â la Dōmo!"
The Originals is an American supernatural drama television series created by Julie Plec for The CW.
This is the first season not to feature Cory Monteith, who died shortly before production was scheduled to begin.
The first season of the ABC television series Once Upon a Time premiered on October 23, 2011 and concluded on May 13, 2012.
The series is created by Simon Barry.
This was the first Hell's Kitchen season to be filmed in high definition.
Former cast member Darrell Hammond succeeded Don Pardo, who had died in August, as the show's new announcer.
The series was originally set to air on Nickelodeon in 2010, but it was pushed back to 2011 instead.
Season 14 began screening at Israel in late August 2010 and on ABC2 of Australia on September 27, 2010.
In addition, the season features a wide variety of "Monster-of-the-Week" episodes, which feature stand-alone stories not of influence to the wider mythology of the series.
It is replaced in episode 103 with "Shinkokyū" by Super Beaver.
The commissioning of the series was first confirmed by Schofield at the BAFTA Awards.
For the first time, the show had an international destination during this cycle, which was Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Marrakesh is one of North Africa’s largest centres of wildlife trade, despite the illegality of much of this trade.
Bad Girls returned to ITV1 with its third series on 20 March 2001 and ended on 3 July 2001.
The winner was Logan Guleff, an 11-year-old from Memphis, Tennessee, with 12-year-old Samuel Stromberg from Greenbrae, California being the runner-up.
The final episode aired on February 21, 2011.
The DVD releases also omit the licensed songs used in the series due to licensing issues with other companies.
The primary timeline follows Patty, Ellen, and Tom as the firm goes up against an energy company who have engaged in unethical practices.
In New Zealand the season started February 11, 2006 on TV NZ.
This season was produced without any involvement of series creator Aaron McGruder.
The second half of the season premiered on March 26, 2012.
Like last year, the winner was represented by Wiener Models.
The season aired from October 2008 to February 2009 on TV Tokyo in Japan.
It consists of 15 episodes, each running approximately 22 minutes in length.
The series follows the Weavers, a family of humans who relocate to a gated community, which happens to be inhabited by aliens, such as the Bird-Kersees.
City Homicide: No Greater Honour, an Australian Police procedural drama mini series, is set to begin on 23 February 2011 on the Seven Network.
The third ending theme, "Crossing Field" was used for the final episode.
The third season of Battle of the Blades premiered on September 18, 2011 as a part of CBC's fall line-up.
At the 40th Daytime Emmy Awards, the series was nominated for Outstanding Achievement in Sound Editing - Animation.
The show is set in the fictional city of Springfield, and lampoons American culture, society, television and many aspects of the human condition.
This series aims to target the Saudi Arabian youth by showing the daily lives of 6 young adults.
Therefore, the five shorts took up one production code for the 40 episodes.
This is a list of the 13 episodes of series two of Frontline, which first aired in 1995.
Thirteen of the eighteen episodes are included in the volume.
The third season  of the food reality television series, Man v. Food, premiered on the Travel Channel June 16, 2010, at 9PM Eastern time.
Season two won seven Leo Awards after its release.
The first season of Degrassi: Next Class premiered on January 4, 2016, in Canada and was released on January 15, 2016, internationally.
It ran from 7:30 pm through 8:30 pm.
The first season of Shake It Up aired on Disney Channel from November 7, 2010 to August 21, 2011.
The third season of The Mentalist premiered on September 23, 2010 and concluded with its 2-hour season finale on May 19, 2011.
The sixteenth season of the Bleach anime series is known as the Lost Agent arc.
The executive producers for the fifth season were David Goodman, Chris Sheridan, Danny Smith and series creator Seth MacFarlane.
The show aired on Tuesday at 9:00 pm ET.
Rycroft was the only celebrity to place higher than her original season while everyone else ranked lower.
The smaller size of episode count stems from the deal for the series star Davis.
This was the last series to feature Sophie Kasaei after she was axed from the series following a racial slur.
Each week, the team which had the lowest percentage of total weight-loss was required to vote out one member of their own team.
The fourth season was released on DVD in region 1 on August 10, 2010.
It is the first season of The Bachelor to be broadcast in high definition.
The Simpsons' third season originally aired on the Fox network between September 19, 1991 and August 27, 1992.
The third ending theme, "Yokubō o Sakebe!!!!"
This is the only cycle to feature a cast of 14 contestants until Cycle 6, rather than the usual 12 or 13.
The fourth season of Criminal Minds premiered on CBS on September 24, 2008, and ended May 20, 2009.
The premiere of the show the 14 couples danced for the first time 14 different dances.
The second ending theme, "FLAME" by DISH// is used from episode 357 to 361.
The 2012 season of the astronomy TV show Star Gazers starring Dean Regas, James Albury, and Marlene Hidalgo, started on January 2, 2012.
The series concluded on 22 August 2012 after ten episodes.
Anthony Koutoufides and his partner Natalie Lowe won the series, with Arianne Caoili and her partner Carmelo Pizzino as runner-up.
Parker was the director and writer in this twelfth season.
Such a series would most likely not be produced in a conservative city like the capital, Riyadh.
The entire season originally aired Mondays at 9pm, just like the seasons before.
Viz Media released the season in two separate DVD boxes during 2011 on June 21 and September 6.
It was nominated for multiple awards and won two, including Best Syndicated/Cable Television Series, at the 39th Saturn Awards.
The following is a list of episodes of the television series The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson which aired in 1992:
Seven DVD compilations were released, each containing four episodes, by Pony Canyon between March 7 and September 5, 2012.
The show concluded November 29, 2005, when Matt was declared "The Biggest Loser", winning $250,000.
The series was filmed at Pinewood Studios in London, with a live studio audience.
This would be the final season for Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi.
Ultimately, 21-year-old Meng Yao from Harbin was declared the winner of the competition.
It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, sharing continuity with the films of the franchise.
Marek Eben and Tereza Kostková were the hosts for this season.
Season 2 aired as part of the 1994-95 United States network television schedule for ABC, premiering on October 11, 1994 and concluding on May 23, 1995.
Marrakesh is one of North Africa’s largest centres of wildlife trade, despite the illegality of much of this trade.
Johnny Test is a Canadian/American animated television series.
The season aired in the UK from May 4, 2008 - June 15, 2008 on BBC Three.
A second series was broadcast between October 8 and November 19, 2011.
: The Complete First Season on September 26, 2004 by Warner Bros. Home Video.
It was executive produced by Braga, Coby Greenberg and David Von Ancken, with Braga and Simon assuming the role of showrunner.
During that time, a strange castle has fallen from the sky into her town without warning, causing confusion to arise about where this castle came from.
HBO ordered the fifth season on April 8, 2014, together with the sixth season, which began filming in July 2014.
This is the list of episodes for The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon in 2016.
It premiered on August 2, 2015 at VTV.
The first season featured twelve contestants divided into two teams of six players.
Four years later, the series returned with a third civilian season, and fifth overall.
The second season in 2015, which premiered on Estrella TV on Monday, March 30, 2015.
It was broadcast as part of the ABC comedy block TGIF on Friday evening, airing at 8:30 between The Hughleys and Sabrina, the Teenage Witch.
With the exception of the twelfth episode "School Lies," the first thirteen episodes aired on CTV Television Network one day prior to their US airdate.
It debuted on tvN on June 27, 2015.
This season has been released in a DVD box set by Shout!
announced in June 2014 that it had picked up the series for a sixth season after NBC had canceled the series in May 2014.
The rest and future series are distributed by WNET in New York City, New York.
Box sets of the season have been released both on DVD and Blu-ray, and "The Best of Both Worlds" was given a limited theatrical release.
The third series of the British children's television series The Dumping Ground was broadcast from 16 January 2015 on CBBC and CBBC HD.
The Simpsons' twenty-fifth season began airing on Fox on September 29, 2013 and ended on May 18, 2014.
Spartacus: Blood and Sand is the first season of American television series Spartacus, which premiered on Starz on January 22, 2010.
The show itself is a spin off from the 1994 hit movie, Stargate written by Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich.
In the English adaptation of the anime released by Viz Media, the title of the season is translated as The Arrancar.
This is a list of episodes from the first season of Cannon.
The sixth season of Hawaii Five-O premiered on September 11, 1973 and ended February 26, 1974.
Another change was the elimination of the sky-box area where host Brooke Burke-Charvet interviewed dancers after their performances.
The show was set in a Bay Street investment bank, Gardner Ross.
All of them live in the suburb of Fairview on Wisteria Lane.
The first ending theme, used for the first two episodes, is "Otome no Policy" performed by Yoko Ishida.
The story follows Amu Hinamori, whose "cool and spicy" exterior belies her introverted personality.
The season premiered on August 28, 2015.
The following is a list of Law & Order episodes from the series' seventh season:
The premiere was on September 30, 2010.
Season four regular cast members include Richard Dean Anderson, Michael Shanks, Amanda Tapping, Christopher Judge, and Don S. Davis.
The Bachelorette 6 is the sixth season of ABC reality television series The Bachelorette.
Also joining the panel for the first time were international photographer Jez Smith, and ex-model and TV personality Charlotte Dawson.
TV Guide named it the best TV show of 2011 and highly applauded the performances by Damian Lewis and Claire Danes.
The episodes aired from August 1994 to December 1994 in Japan on Fuji Television.
This season has been released in a DVD box set by Shout!
Nine of the sixteen episodes are included in this volume.
The first season DVD and Blu-ray Disc box set was released on September 21, 2010.
The second season of Love Games: Bad Girls Need Love Too premiered on April 18, 2011, with Bad Girls Club alumni Tanisha Thomas as the host.
In addition, Coven was nominated for Best Miniseries or TV Film at the Golden Globe Awards.
Season four opened to a 0.9 rating in adults 18–49, even with last season premiere.
It was later released on DVD in 12 compilations, each containing four episodes, by Pony Canyon between January 29 and December 24, 2010.
The show is the Thai version of the British television series Strictly Come Dancing.
The episodes, except for the pilot, are named after Hank Williams songs.
The first episode, "Gone in a Flash", aired as a "sneak peek" on November 29, 2008.
The Biggest Loser is the first season of the NBC reality television series entitled The Biggest Loser, which premiered on October 19, 2004.
The seventh and final season of Just Shoot Me!
This is the last season to have Lily Nicksay portray Morgan Matthews.
During this season, the show still had its original name, Jack Horkheimer: Star Hustler.
Mike Myers was upgraded to repertory status mid-season.
People moved from Old-Masuleh to the current city because of pestilence and attacks from neighbouring communities.
Its executive producers are Lauren Eskelin, Lorraine Haughton, Glenda Hersh, Carlos King, and Steven Weinstock.
The first episode of the series, and the pilot episode, was entitled "The Serpent's Tooth".
It received overwhelming praise across Bosnia and later Croatia and Serbia.
The score for the remaining couple's performance would count as their score for the week.
The series aired on Fuji TV's Noitamina programming block between October 9, 2014 and December 18, 2014.
This is a list of season 2 episodes of the Extreme Makeover: Home Edition series.
Bell also credited the series to fan reaction.
The fourth season was well received by critics.
Captain James Deakins is the detectives' direct supervisor and head of the Major Case Squad.
At the 2014 Licensing Expo, Saban confirmed that Digimon Fusion season 2 would be dubbed into English.
Ellaria Sand and three of Oberyn Martell's daughters kill Doran and Trystane Martell and seize control of Dorne, and Olenna discusses an alliance with Ellaria.
Although Emilia still harbors negative feelings towards Satan for his past acts of evil, they become unlikely allies in order to survive.
The opening theme for the first five episodes is Orange Range's single "Asterisk"; the rest use "D-tecnoLife" by Uverworld.
Furthermore, "Absolute Justice", a two-hour episode featuring the Justice Society of America, aired on February 5, 2010.
The series stars William Petersen and Marg Helgenberger.
The first series of Made in Chelsea, a British structured-reality television programme, began airing on 9 May 2011 on E4.
The season was directed by Kunihisa Sugishima, and written by Junki Takegami, Masashi Sogo, and Shin Yoshida.
Released on September 27, 2005, the collection generally received mixed to positive reviews from critics.
While Gluck initially served as a guest star, he was promoted to series regular later on in the season.
Seven DVD compilations, each containing four episodes of the saga, have been released by Funimation.
The designer for the first three episodes was David Catley, and Andrew Gardner for the rest of the episodes.
It is split into two arcs, but are linked to the season's story.
Tony Shalhoub, Traylor Howard, Ted Levine and Jason Gray-Stanford reprised their roles as the main characters.
The series fell from number 12 to number 29 for the 1999–2000 television year.
Developed for television by Frank Darabont, the series is based on the eponymous series of comic books by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore, and Charlie Adlard.
The season was released on DVD in two parts and as a whole by Visual Entertainment, Inc.
Unlike the previous thirteen seasons, this one was aired on Polsat TV network.
The first season of 3rd Rock from the Sun, an American television series, began January 9, 1996, and ended on May 21, 1996.
Also, to mark the beginning of the new series, his signature blank wall has changed from yellow to teal.
The series was renewed for the second season on February 21, 2013.
The eighth season of the animated series WordGirl was originally broadcast on PBS in the United States on June 10, 2015.
Executive producers Steven S. DeKnight and Robert Tapert focused on structuring the events of Spartacus' obscure early life leading up to the beginning of historical records.
The first ending theme, "Aoi Tori" by fumika is used from episode 317 to 329.
The episode airing February 17, "The Sins of My Caretaker", received 1.31 million total viewers, its lowest rated episode of the season.
The 41-episode fifth season saw the show move to Wednesday nights at 8:30 PM, making way for All Saints on Tuesdays at 8.30 PM.
The twentieth series of the British consumer technology television programme The Gadget Show began on 14 October 2013 and ended on 6 January 2014.
The third season of the animated television series Aqua Teen Hunger Force originally aired in the United States on Cartoon Network's late-night programming block Adult Swim.
The first season of Moesha, an American situation comedy created by Ralph Farquhar Sara V. Finney, Vida Spears, premiered on UPN on January 23, 1996.
Lucasfilm helped with the creation of the episode.
The first part of the seventh season was released on Blu-ray/DVD on October 21, 2014, and the second half was released on October 13, 2015.
On January 12, 2015, Madam Secretary was renewed for a second season.
The fourth season premiered on September 11, 2007 with 18 overweight contestants in a weight loss competition for an ultimate prize of $250,000.
The series features five main cast members: Julian Barratt, Noel Fielding, Rich Fulcher, Michael Fielding and Dave Brown.
Jay is married to a much younger Colombian woman, Gloria, and is helping her raise her pre-teen son, Manny.
A Thirty-Two disc DVD boxset City Hunter Complete published by Aniplex was released in Japan on August 31, 2005.
The eighteenth season of the long running Pokémon animated series is known as Pocket Monsters: XY in Japan and internationally as Pokémon: XY Kalos Quest.
Johnny Test is a Canadian/American animated television series.
It is also the only season not to have a new arrival.
The American Chopper series consists of several main seasons and also types of episodes.
The episodes are based on Tite Kubo's Bleach manga series, spanning twenty episodes.
by MooMoo Milk and Araki-san, and "In Your Heart, LaLaLa" by MADOKA.
Developed for television by Josh Schwartz and Stephanie Savage.
Christine Estabrook returned as Marcy, the nosy realtor.
Bruce Forsyth and Tess Daly continued to co-present the main show on BBC One, with Claudia Winkleman returning to present the results show alongside Daly.
There the top four competed again with the favorite of each state making the final cast directly.
Phillip Schofield returned as presenter, but Holly Willoughby was replaced by Christine Bleakley.
Masouheh-Rood-Khan is the river passing through the city, with a waterfall located just 200 meters away from the village.
On 2 April 2014, The Bill Series 24 Part 1 & 2 and The Bill Series 24 Part 3 & 4 DVD sets were released.
A 2nd DVD called "Wild Water Rescue and Other Engine Adventures" was released on 16 June 2015, exclusively to Target.
The sixth season of StarDance debuted on Česká televize on November 2, 2013.
Rica, Famosa, Latina is an Estrella TV reality series which was co-created by Lenard Liberman of Estrella TV, and by Joyce Giraud.
The sixth season of the American fictional drama television series ER first aired on September 30, 1999 and concluded on May 18, 2000.
The sixth and final season of the American serial drama television series Lost commenced airing in the United States and Canada on February 2, 2010.
The season followed Dr. House and his team as they solve a medical case each episode.
As the series unfolds, the main heroines uncover new Jewelpets on their way while new relationships were being built through the characters.
However, because of differing cultural standards, most countries outside Japan, excluding Greece, Germany, Sweden, Spain and Mexico, have censored the relationship.
Germany's Next Topmodel, Cycle 3 is the third season of the show that was aired on the German television network ProSieben.
This is a list of Time Team episodes from series 6.
As of February 2014, the series is the highest-rated installment of The Real Housewives franchise, and it is the most-watched series airing on Bravo.
Law & Order: Criminal Intent finished its ten season run on June 26, 2011.
This is a list of episodes from the third season of Barnaby Jones.
Eight celebrities were paired with eight professional ballroom dancers.
The show was one of the most eagerly awaited of 2007, with the project marking Lisa McCune's return to television acting.
Although it has been written that the community was established around 10 AD, the province of Gilan has a long history.
The third cycle of Asia's Next Top Model aired from March to June 2015.
All of the episodes were written by Roy Clarke and produced and directed by Alan J. W. Bell.
This is a list of episodes from the second season of Columbo.
In the United Kingdom and Ireland, Season Two premiered on Syfy on January 12, 2012.
The CW renewed the series for a full fourth season on February 16, 2010.
Production for the season is held in Vietnam, with luxury villas provided by TBA.
Season eight of South Park, an American animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, began airing on March 17, 2004.
The first village of Masuleh was established around 1006 AD, 6 km northwest of the current city, and it is called Old-Masuleh.
The pilot episode was made available as a free download registered users of the U.S. iTunes Store prior to its premiere on television.
Nickelodeon soon shifted the series to the sister network known as Nicktoons.
The winner of the competition was 18-year-old Freja Kjellberg Borchies from Vaxholm.
On July 18, 2014, TNT renewed the show for a fifth and final season.
The series is written by Tow Ubukata and Jun Kumagai.
The region 1 DVD was released on February 22, 2005.
Brock and Dawn have left the series, and Ash is joined by a new female trainer named Iris and a new male trainer named Cilan.
Sixth place chef Josh Trovato ties with season 12's Michael DeMarco for the longest consecutive streak of nominations.
The series follows the lives of the faculty and pupils of the Eponymous school, a failing inner-city comprehensive school.
The fourth season of the television series HaPijamot was originally broadcast on Arutz HaYeladim in Israel.
The fourth series of Warsaw Shore, a Polish television programme based in Warsaw was confirmed on 13 July 2015.
The season introduces DiMeo Crime Family Capo Tony Soprano and his family, as well as his troubled relationship with his mother Livia.
The anime is based on the Lupin III manga written by Monkey Punch beginning in 1967.
The third season of Monk originally aired in the United States on USA Network from June 18, 2004, to March 4, 2005.
This is a list of Time Team episodes from series 2.
Episode numbering was restarted and incorporated the last two digits of the year, in this case "99" for the year 1999.
The judges were Paweł Królikowski, Katarzyna Skrzynecka, Małgorzata Walewska and, replacing DJ Adamus, Bartłomiej Kasprzykowski.
The series is led by head writer and executive producer Steven Moffat, alongside executive producer Brian Minchin.
The episodes are directed by Hayato Date, and produced by Studio Pierrot and TV Tokyo.
Quintel originally created the series' pilot using characters from his comedy shorts for the cancelled anthology series The Cartoonstitute.
The season uses five musical themes: two opening themes and three ending themes.
is a 2007 Comedy Central special featuring comedian Demetri Martin.
The second series of the British children's television series The Dumping Ground began broadcasting on 10 January 2014 on CBBC and CBBC HD.
The series tried out new hosts and settled on Dean Regas and James Albury to be co-hosts on the show.
The first season began in 1994-1995 with the pilot and 14 episodes.
The eleventh season had an average viewership of 1.78 million U.S. viewers.
As a result, Netflix CEO Reed Hastings announced not to renew their existing deal with Viacom, owner of the SpongeBob trademark.
aired Tuesdays at 9:30-10:00 pm on NBC from September 23, 1997 to May 12, 1998.
The show follows virtual death metal band Dethklok.
She auditioned by doing an impression of Steve Urkel, which she would get to do various times on the show.
Avex Group released the series in Japan on four Blu-ray and DVD volumes between April 25 and July 25, 2014.
The show's episode numbering scheme changed several times during its run to coincide with major events in the show's history.
The show's 500th episode, "At Long Last Leave", aired February 19, 2012.
The title refers to a fragrant camomile lawn stretching down to the cliffs in the garden of their aunt's house.
Marley Wiebe will be hosting the show, with Pampita Ardohain, Maximiliano Guerra, Miguel Ángel Rodríguez and Mariana Montes as judges.
Che Nguyen Quynh Chau competed Miss Universe Vietnam 2015 and Miss World Vietnam 2016.
This was Samantha Harris' last season as co-host.
Len Goodman, Bruno Tonioli and Craig Revel Horwood returned as judges.
Dancing with the Stars is a Greek reality show airing on ANT1 and filming live in Athens.
The third season revolves around Michael's breakout from Sona with several other inmates.
It was the only cycle to feature male contestants.
The season also features the return of Jo and her mother Ellen Harvelle, as well as hunter Rufus Turner, the Trickster and the prophet Chuck Shurley.
The fourth and final season of the animated television series, The Boondocks aired in the United States on Cartoon Network's late night programming block, Adult Swim.
Season 2 of Hell's Kitchen was cast during November 2005, started on June 12, 2006 and concluded on August 14, 2006.
The series was renewed for the third season on April 16, 2014.
It was announced on July 7, 2015 and began airing on September 26, 2016 to January 16, 2017 on Cartoon Network in the United States.
A compilation of these two volumes was released on May 5, 2008.
The 4th season of Taniec z Gwiazdami, the Polish edition of Dancing With the Stars, started on 10 September 2006 and ended on 12 November 2006.
The first DVD compilation was released with the first issue of Fairy Tail Monthly magazine on July 17, 2014, renumbered as "Vol.
It consisted of thirteen episodes, each running approximately 23 minutes in length.
The third feature film, Naruto Shippūden The Movie: Inheritors of the Will of Fire, based on the series, was released on August 1, 2009.
Willa Paskin of Slate broke the embargo nearly a day early revealing several spoilers.
In the United Kingdom the season premiered January 11, 2005 on Channel 4.
is the thirteenth anime television series in Izumi Todo's Pretty Cure franchise, produced by Asahi Broadcasting Corporation and Toei Animation.
TV critics and analysts noted the renewed interest in viewership with Rich Kissell of Variety calling it a 'renaissance.'
Together, they cause mischief among their family, as well as with the wide array of students at Elmore Junior High.
Marrakesh, also known by the French spelling Marrakech, is a major city of the Kingdom of Morocco.
The series stars Fred Armisen and Carrie Brownstein.
Ashley Cain later returned to the beach during the second series, this time as an ex, whilst Vicky returned as an ex during the third series.
Season three is the first time in the series a contestant has been brought back for another season.
The Nielsen ratings declined throughout the season, which Homicide producers attributed to a poor time-slot and heavy competition from the ABC comedies Home Improvement and Coach.
Fox, Isabella Rossellini, Ricky Gervais, Griffin Dunne, Djimon Hounsou, Peggy Lipton, and Quentin Tarantino.
All panel members of the previous cycle remained in place.
On one occasion, American actor Rob Schneider appeared as co-host.
Funimation Entertainment released the episodes with their own English-dubbed version across two Blu-ray/DVD box sets, released on July 23 and August 20 of 2013, respectively.
On February 28, 2013, Showcase renewed Lost Girl for a fourth season consisting of thirteen episodes, with production starting in the spring.
while the ending theme is "Best FriendS", both by Manami Numakura, Chinatsu Akasaki, Inori Minase, Ayane Sakura and Yō Taichi.
The third season of the American television comedy series Louie premiered on June 28, 2012 and concluded on September 27, 2012.
The second series of the British comedy-drama television series Cold Feet was first broadcast on the ITV network from 26 September to 31 October 1999.
The tenth season of Criminal Minds premiered on CBS on October 1, 2014.
The series is hosted by Peruvian model Valeria De Santis.
It was the top adults 18-49 rated Biggest Loser premiere and tied the second best rating for a non-finale.
Its regular time slot moved to Fridays at 9pm/8c.
Series 4 of the long-running medical soap opera Doctors commenced on 2 September 2002.
The third season of the Fox television series Sleepy Hollow premiered on October 1, 2015, and consisted of 18 episodes.
It depicts the key players in Melbourne's criminal underworld, including the Carlton Crew and their rival, Carl Williams.
The season was to be released on DVD on 20 April 2011 under the title, Spirited: Season 1.
After the launch of the new series, it was immediately followed by another one-off special "TOWIE: All Back to Essex", hosted by Mark Wright.
Only those cast and crew with an absolute need to know were told the identity of the murderer once filming began on the final three episodes.
As for most seasons of the show, all episodes of season 18 were written and directed by the series co-creator and co-star Trey Parker.
The sixth season of The Real Housewives of Atlanta, an American reality television series, was broadcast on Bravo.
The first episode premiered to 7.67 million viewers, winning its timeslot.
Filming for the season started a day after the 2008 Teen Choice Awards on August 5, 2008.
The series follows the overnight shift at San Antonio Medical Center, where three of the surgeons have a connection to the U.S. military.
It is the third and final series overseen by the two as executive producers, as well as Moffat's sixth and final series as head writer.
Brock returns and the four travel together through the Hoenn region.
Womack became the first bachelor on The Bachelor twice.
On June 13, 2007, competitive reality show Last Comic Standing began airing its fifth season on NBC with new host, Bill Bellamy.
The fourth series of Law & Order: UK premiered on ITV on 3 March 2011 and concluded on 11 April 2011.
This season was broadcast on BBC One in the United Kingdom on Sunday afternoons from Sunday, July 15, 2007.
Celebrity Mole Hawaii was most recently reran as a marathon on Fox Reality on March 1, 2008.
Full House is an Armenian comedy drama television series developed by Armen Petrosyan.
The season began with "Ear Ache" and ended with "On TV".
Additionally, the character Nicky Banks was added to the cast toward the end of the season as Phillip and Vivian's newborn son, due to Janet's pregnancy.
The first season aired Wednesdays at 8:00 pm in the United States.
The season was released on DVD as a seven disc boxed set under the title of The O.C.
The broadcast versions of the episodes 276 to 277 include scenes from the film in the opening themes, while retaining the music "Totsugeki Rock".
The following year Kildevæld Madsen's younger brother, Daniel, won the following cycle of Danmarks Næste Topmodel.
The episodes use four pieces of theme music: two opening and two ending themes.
Penry-Jones announced his intention to leave the series in December 2007, while it was later announced Armitage would join.
However, Lifetime's episode guide does not list "Abby's Most OMG Moments" as an official season episode.
This season will depict a new school year after the previous seniors, some of whom debuted during "The Next Generation", graduated in the previous season.
The third season of the American television situation comedy Leave It to Beaver premiered on October 3, 1959 and concluded on June 25, 1960.
It also aired from June 2006 to April 2007 in both Cartoon Network's Toonami and YTV's Bionix programming blocks.
The second and final season of The Carrie Diaries aired from October 25, 2013, through January 31, 2014, on The CW.
Additionally, a highlights special, dubbed Family Assortment, aired on 4 April 2010.
Each title card also has a prop or part of the setting that refers to a plot element in the episode.
The demons are led by the Winchesters' enemy, and Dean's murderer, Lilith.
The first closing theme is Kousuke Atari's "Tane o Maku Hibi", which switches in episode 154 to "Kansha."
Regular cast members during the season include Kathy Bates, Nathan Corddry, Karen Olivo, Mark Valley, and Christopher McDonald.
The elimination format is that the couples are scored on their Sunday night performance, but only as a reference guide for the viewers to vote on.
The series stars Lisa Kudrow as Fiona Wallice, a therapist who has conceived of a new form of therapy: the titular "web therapy".
Twelve contestants and professional dancers participated in this season.
A fourth album titled Destination was then released as an individual CD on May 27, 2015, and included a full length version of "Aku-yaku Kyōsōkyoku".
The episode was viewed by 3.435 million viewers; this marked a dramatic increase from the previous season's premiere and finale.
The winner of the competition was 26-year-old Kang Qian Wen, better known professionally as Kiki Kang.
This is a list of episodes for the sixth season of the television series Married... with Children.
Twelve DVD compilations, each containing three episodes, were released by Toei between January 10, 2007 to December 5, 2007.
With only four episodes after the pilot, season one of Seinfeld is one of the smallest sitcom orders in television history.
Hired to fill their absences were comedian/musician Fred Armisen and TV writer Will Forte, who both joined the show as featured players.
The sixth season saw a return of artists like Atif Aslam, Ali Azmat, Zeb & Haniya, Sanam Marvi and Saieen Zahoor.
The prize was a head chef position at BLT Steak at Bally's Las Vegas.
In 2007, Bill McDaniel, the Mole, published a book documenting the experience.
The theme song is "It's personal" performed by Swedish indie pop band The Radio Dept.
A teaser clip for the series was released by the Nine Network indicating the core cast of the series.
The season concluded on May 13, 2014, and consisted of 22 episodes.
The season aired on Wednesday at 9:00 pm, the same slot as the previous season.
According to the IFPI, Bailando was the tenth best-selling song of 2014 with 8 million units worldwide.
The series premiered in Canada on February 13, 2011, United States on March 5, 2011 and Australia on March 8, 2011 on Cartoon Network.
CSI: NY The Complete First Season was released on DVD in the U.S. on October 18, 2005.
The first season of the Showcase television series Continuum premiered on May 27, 2012 and concluded on August 5, 2012.
Mike is regularly kept company by his best friend and partner in the police force, Carl McMillan.
The showrunner for the 11th production season was Mike Scully.
People moved from Old-Masuleh to the current city because of pestilence and attacks from neighbouring communities.
The second ending theme, "Black Night Town" by Akihisa Kondō, is used from episodes 333 to 343.
The main opening theme is "Next Chance to Move On" by Shihoko Hirata, whilst the main ending theme is "Dazzling Smile" by Hirata.
In order to accomplish this, Clark wears a new costume that sports his family crest on the chest.
The show stars Emily Rose, Lucas Bryant and Eric Balfour.
Contestants were required to be between the ages of 18-27, and meet a minimum height requirement of 1.65 meters.
Gill became the seventh winner of the series to avoid elimination nomination throughout the entire season.
Germany's Next Topmodel, Cycle 6 is the sixth season of the show that was aired on the German television network ProSieben.
Katarzyna Cichopek and Krzysztof Ibisz continued as the hosts, and the judges were: Edyta Górniak, Elżbieta Zapendowska and Rudi Schuberth.
Thirteen episodes long, the season was produced by Bento Box Entertainment in association with 20th Century Fox Television.
This is a list of episodes from the fifth season of Happy Days.
Today it is one of the busiest cities in Africa and serves as a major economic centre and tourist destination.
Season one of El Gran Show premiered on April 15, 2010.
It was released on DVD on December 6, 2011.
This cycle presented 2 winners who were 18-year-old Nguyễn Thị Oanh from Quảng Ninh and 20-year-old Tạ Quang Hùng from Gia Lai.
In addition, four DVD artbox compilations were released.
The Bachelorette 7 is the seventh season of ABC reality television series The Bachelorette.
stars as a fictionalized version of himself, a comedian and newly divorced father raising his two daughters in New York City.
The DVD also included the pilot episode for 'The Boosh', made in 2003, before the first series.
The fourth series of British sitcom Absolutely Fabulous premiered on BBC One on 31 August 2001.
The season is available for purchase on the iTunes Store, Google Play and Amazon.com, and can be streamed on Netflix.
Kel Mitchell and Kenan Thompson both left the show halfway through the sixth season.
The show premiered on August 29, 2014.
This is a list of episodes for the second season of Everybody Loves Raymond.
The first season can be distinguished from the other three by the different opening and ending themes.
The series gives viewers an inside look of the lives of WWE Divas from their work within WWE to their personal lives.
The first seven episodes of The O.C.
The winner of the competition was 23-year-old Hwang Kibbeum.
The second season of the AMC western-drama television series Hell on Wheels premiered on August 12, 2012 and concluded on October 7, 2012.
It was produced in 1992, and copies of the pilot have since been lost.
The opening themes are Yui's "Rolling Star", used for the first eleven episodes, and the remainder of the episodes feature "Alones" by Aqua Timez.
Its main character is Raylan Givens, a deputy U.S.
The television series is a first-person narrative from the viewpoint of covert-operations agent Michael Westen, played by Jeffrey Donovan.
For reasons not specified, the show stopped airing temporarily after episode 8.
All episodes from the eighth series are thirty minutes long, excluding the Christmas special.
The season also features frequent flashbacks and flashforwards in order to fully integrate The Mother's character with the rest of the cast.
Regular cast members during season one include Tom Welling, Michael Rosenbaum, Kristin Kreuk, Annette O'Toole, John Schneider, Sam Jones III, Allison Mack, and Eric Johnson.
The promotional poster was released on May 21, 2015 which was included in the June/July cover of Seventeen.
Kiera is focused on stopping the terrorists, unifying the time line and finding a way back to her time and family.
This season featured fifteen contestants among its final cast.
The competition was won by Ray Quinn with professional partner Maria Filippov.
The season is currently being released through DVD compilations; the first two were released on June 1, 2011.
The second opening theme, "Totsugeki Rock" by The Cro-Magnons, is used from episode 257 to 275.
The insert song is "Each and All" by Livetune feat.
Their characters, Lucas and Peyton, leave Tree Hill with their newborn baby in the finale.
Series 18 of British television drama The Bill consisted of 86 episodes, broadcast between 3 January and 31 December 2002.
The second part of the season began airing April 24, 2008.
In addition, this season sees the appearance of more DC Comics characters, including recurring appearances from Plastique and members of the Legion of Super-Heroes.
The series was produced by Rude Boy Productions, a company that produces comedies created by Fred Barron.
Production for the series in Melbourne, which was the location for the previous season, in the suburb of Albert Park.
Gordon Ramsay returned as head chef and Andi van Willigan and James Avery returned as sous chefs.
The second series was seen by an average of 7.19 million, and received generally favourable reviews from critics.
Twilight continues to learn with her close friends Applejack, Rarity, Fluttershy, Rainbow Dash and Pinkie Pie.
The series follows the life of Melinda Gordon, who has the ability to see and communicate with ghosts.
Filming began on February 28, and ran until April 28, 2009.
The fifth season of Futurama began airing in March 2008 and concluded after 16 episodes on August 30, 2009.
The bands who reunited for the first series were Five, 911, Atomic Kitten, B*Witched, Honeyz and Liberty X.
The season was released on DVD as a four disc set under the title of City Homicide: Series One on 2 September 2009.
The twelfth season of Degrassi, a Canadian serial teen drama television series, premiered July 16, 2012, concluded on June 21, 2013, and consists of 40 episodes.
The seventh opening is "Believe in Myself", performed by Edge of Life, while the seventh ending, "Azayaka na Tabiji", is performed by Megumi Mori.
The second episode attracted controversy after a scene which depicted the brutal death of main character Helen Flynn attracted more than 250 complaints.
This is a list of episodes for the sixth season of the NBC television series Quincy, M.E.
Good Night, Dear Heart receiving an Edgar Award for Best TV Series Episode.
The opening credits received a makeover and the theme song was also changed.
The DVD set contains all 19 episodes, as well as commentaries from creators, writers, actors, and directors on some of the episodes.
The Bachelor is the twelfth season of ABC reality television series The Bachelor.
The second season of Faking It, an American single-camera romantic comedy, starring Rita Volk, Katie Stevens, Gregg Sulkin, Michael Willett and Bailey De Young.
Conversely, the first, fifth, and sixth episodes were largely derided by critics.
Talismans Appear" came in first place, "The Bond of Destiny!
There are two new trainers this season: Jessie Pavelka and Jennifer Widerstrom.
The winner of the competition was 16-year-old Alina Panyuta from Donetsk.
However, in late February 2012, it was reported that Donovan will return near the end of the season.
In addition to Smits, Dexter's third season introduces two recurring characters: Desmond Harrington as Det.
Like the rest of the series, it follows the adventures of Natsu Dragneel and Lucy Heartfilia of the fictional guild, Fairy Tail.
The campaign with Max Factor featured in previous cycles has been dropped.
From episodes 76-101, the opening theme is "SHINING LINE*" by Waka, Fūri, and Yuna, whilst the ending theme is "Precious" by Risuko, Waka, Fūri, and Mona.
There were a total of 20 "Turtle Tips" segments produced and aired.
The Japanese opening song is "Aim to be a Pokemon Master" by Rica Matsumoto.
An official DVD boxset of the series, containing all the episodes, was released by Frontier Works on July 7, 2015.
Mike and Molly live in the home of Molly's mother Joyce and sister Victoria.
It was the first new series since the 10th series screened in 2009, with Christchurch broadcaster Simon Barnett replacing Jayne Kiely as the host.
A fourth OAD was released through the 24th volume on March 21, 2017.
Bullen stepped back from writing the series during pre-production, believing no new storylines could be created for the characters.
The fourth season of the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory, began airing on CBS on September 23, 2010.
The season was the first to be filmed in Los Angeles, after production was moved from Vancouver, Canada.
The fourth and final season had several two-part episodes.
The second season of the ABC American television drama series How to Get Away with Murder was ordered on May 7, 2015, by ABC.
The third season of Beauty & the Beast consisted of 13 episodes.
Executive producers are John Wells, Paul Abbott and Andrew Stearn, and producer Michael Hissrich.
Some material shot for "My Commitment" was later used in the season 8 episode, "My Nah Nah Nah".
Season 7 began airing in the United Kingdom on October 17, 2010.
The third season of Futurama began airing in 2001 and concluded after 22 episodes in 2002.
Season eight finalist Melissa Rycroft defeated season eight champion Shawn Johnson and season one champion Kelly Monaco to win the trophy.
Auditions were held during October and November 2008 across Australia, and production of the prerecorded episodes began in January 2009 and concluded in March 2009.
With his companions, he explores time and space, faces a variety of foes and saves civilizations, helping people and righting wrongs.
Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman's first season originally aired between September 12, 1993 and May 8, 1994, beginning with "Pilot".
The show is filmed in Cape Town, South Africa.
The fourth and final season of My Name Is Earl originally aired from September 25, 2008 to May 14, 2009 on NBC.
It consisted of 13 episodes, each running approximately 47 minutes in length.
The second series of the BBC family sitcom My Family originally aired between 31 August and 30 November 2001.
This is the list of episodes for The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson in 2007.
Darker than Black: Gemini of the Meteor is an original Japanese anime series directed and written by Tensai Okamura and produced by Bones.
The third series began airing on E4 on 22 January 2009 and ended on 26 March 2009.
This storyline was not concluded until Series 22.
Katarzyna Cichopek and Krzysztof Ibisz as the hosts, and the judges were: Edyta Górniak, Elżbieta Zapendowska and Rudi Schuberth.
A third series of Strike Back, also consisting of 10 parts, was released in August 2012.
The first episode of Waterloo Road Reunited was uploaded at 9:00pm on 2 March 2011 on the show's official website.
For the first time the show was produced by RedSeven GmbH, who were also previously producing Austria's Next Topmodel.
The third season of the HBO drama series The Sopranos began airing on March 4, 2001 and concluded on May 20, 2001, consisting of thirteen episodes.
It acquired a 0.8 household rating, averaging 807,000 total viewers.
Get Ready, get set, it's All That."
Reyes left the show on her own terms.
The season began to air on September 25, 2014.
Mitchell and Thompson were the main stars of the film.
The judges for this season are Urmas Väljaots, Thomas Volkmann, and Liisi Eesmaa, who also serves as the show's host.
and two closing themes by J-pop group Buono!.
Becky left to be with boyfriend Jake and Claire McLeod died at the end of the third season.
The show itself received several recognition, including the Kids' Choice Awards for Favorite Cartoon in 2009 and 2010.
Katherine Heigl and Chandra Wilson were the cast members with the most nominations for their portrayals of Izzie Stevens and Miranda Bailey, respectively.
Cycle 2 of Canada's Next Top Model, the Canadian adaptation of Tyra Banks' America's Next Top Model, aired on Citytv from May to July 2007.
The fourth season of the Naruto anime series, titled "4th Stage" in Japan, is directed by Hayato Date, and produced by Studio Pierrot and TV Tokyo.
Together, the three of them discover that being human is not as easy as it seems.
The season had an abbreviated run of ten episodes, as opposed to the usual twelve, partially to accommodate the pregnancy of lead actress Anna Paquin.
The sixth season of Modern Family premiered on September 24, 2014 on ABC.
Nicktoons aired the series on October 13, 2013 with a marathon of the first four episodes.
The final six episodes aired from August to October, beginning with "Let's Kill Hitler" and ending with "The Wedding of River Song".
The main ending theme is "Everyday World."
However, a second series was aired in 2009 due to the success of this series, with musician and episode 6 celebrity guest James Morrison replacing him.
In March 2003, two episodes were aired as part of a sneak peek preview, during the previous season.
While the volumes contains all the episodes, episodes 170 and 171 were skipped to the sixth volume.
The anime series is licensed in North America by Aniplex of America, while Beez Entertainment holds the license in UK and Germany.
Each season comprises 22-24 issues and one story arc spans between five and seven issues which is reprinted in graphic novel form.
The next fourteen episodes were broadcast under the subtitle Pocket Monsters: Best Wishes!
Host and mentor David Bromstad and incumbent judges Vern Yip and Genevieve Gorder will all return to their respective positions for this competition.
La Academia is a Mexican reality musical talent show shown on Azteca, that premiered in June 2002 and it's currently in its tenth installment.
This is a list of episodes from the ninth season of Hawaii Five-O.
Starting with the seventh episode of the season, the opening theme changed to "Mad-Paced Getter" performed by Tomohisa Sako.
The DVD boxset was released on September 25, 2001 in Region 1 and September 24, 2001 in both Region 2 and Region 4
The cycle, like the previous cycles, was aired on SkyLiving.
The second season of the American television drama series Falling Skies premièred June 17, 2012.
CHEHON" by AISHA, is used from episode 269 to 275.
The show on 10 November was hosted by Daly and Winkleman while Forsyth took a break before the Wembley Arena show.
As the Nine Network marketing indicated, this arc involved a coup on the Samaru Islands, a fictional island nation close to Australia.
26 which was higher than the previous two seasons and in the 18-49 key demographic ranked at no.
This season also featured the debut of fan-favorite villain Tempus played by Lane Davies and H. G. Wells, as a time-traveler.
For season two, The Goldbergs was moved to a new night and time; Wednesdays at 8:30 pm.
June Ackland, who also appeared with Wingett in the show's pilot in '83.
Denberg was the last original female cast member on the show before her departure.
The houseband saw Sanam Saeed and Saba Shabbir leaving the band and the rest of the houseband remained unchanged.
The first season is the only one in which Al and Peg are regularly intimate, to the point of Al initiating the sessions.
In this season, Liz focuses heavily on her personal life, trying to adopt a child and find a new romantic partner.
With the addition of Seven, a series of episodes focused on her backstory and relationship with other characters.
Critics praised its production values, writing, plot development, and cast.
CSI: NY The Eighth Season was released on DVD in the U.S. on September 25, 2012.
This season it moved time slots to Thursdays at 9:00 pm.
Sylvie van der Vaart and Daniel Hartwich returned as hosts, while Joachim Llambi, Motsi Mabuse, and Roman Frieling all returned as judges.
The series is produced by 8-Bit and directed by Yusuke Yamamoto with character designs by Yuusuke Matsuo.
The season aired in the Thursday 10:00 pm time slot, the same as the previous season.
This is the only series which Aron Williams appeared in.
The Apartment Vietnam is the 1st season of the reality television show design competition premiered on September, 2016 and aired on HTV7.
This is a list of season 7 episodes of the Extreme Makeover: Home Edition series.
The season also had only one joint dinner service loss between the red and blue teams, the least number of occurrences since season 4.
The second season of the FX legal drama series Damages premiered on January 7, 2009 and concluded on April 1, 2009.
Some changes were added this season including a larger cast and relay dances.
On May 6, 2007, they re-aired the episode with the original opening and ending content intact.
Ami the Targeted" came in ninth place.
Andres Salaff, Elizabeth Ito, and Muto handled supervising direction, and Sandra Lee served as art director.
This is the list of episodes for The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson in 2005.
The opening theme is "Hohokam no Bakudan" by Matsuko Mawatari.
In August 2004, Geneon lost its home video distribution license for the first 67 episodes of the series, and it was relicensed by Funimation.
Most episodes in this series have 2 titles: the original titles from the U.K. broadcasts are shown on top, while the American-adapted titles are shown underneath.
Also the 7 week there was redundancy.
Danmarks Næste Topmodel, cycle 6 was the sixth cycle of Danmarks Næste Topmodel.
The CW's Vortexx aired the series on January 25, 2014.
Upon its release, the season received critical acclaim with many critics regarding it as the best season of the series.
It was also confirmed that Mario Falcone had been suspended from the show for the second time, this time after promoting slimming pills on social media.
Season eleven of 7th Heaven—an American family-drama television series, created and produced by Brenda Hampton.
The series uses four pieces of theme music: two opening themes and the ending themes.
Because Maple Leaf Gardens was undergoing renovations at the time, the venue this season was set in a sound stage at Pinewood Toronto Studios.
The ninth season of Frasier was a 24 episode season, that ran from September 2001 to May 2002, beginning on 25 September 2001.
Adam Baldwin, Chris Owens, Nicholas Lea, Laurie Holden, and William B. Davis all play supporting roles in the collection.
House's third season ran from September 5, 2006 to May 29, 2007.
There is also a side story arc.
Filming took place in the first half of 1999, and took in locations in Greater Manchester, Lindisfarne in Northumberland, and Paris.
The series was produced by Rude Boy Productions, a company that produces comedies created by Fred Barron.
The series follows the lives of the staff and pupils of the eponymous school, an inner-city London comprehensive school.
The first opening theme, "newsong" by tacica, is used from episode 243 to 256.
This season the cast consisted of 13 contestants.
Hyneman and Savage are now the only hosts of the show.
It introduces the six main characters of the series and follows the Jonas as they live pop star lives and deal with ordinary teenagehood problems.
The show featured 16 celebrities who were paired with 16 professional dancers.
Last of the Summer Wine's seventeenth series aired on BBC1.
Critics praised the show's production values and cast.
Seven Sharp is a half-hour-long New Zealand current affairs programme produced by Television New Zealand.
The season finale saw Port relocate to New York City to accept employment with Diane von Fürstenberg, while Montag and Pratt elope.
The series was commissioned following consistently high ratings for the second series.
The sixth season had an average viewership of 2.27 million U.S. viewers.
The season concluded its broadcast on March 18, 2014.
The season aired from February to March 2009 on TV Tokyo in Japan.
The lead-up to Underbelly involved a heavy marketing campaign which covered radio, print, billboards and an increased online presence, including the use of social networking tools.
The fanbase initially responded negatively to Ryan's addition to the cast, raising concerns over Seven's sexual attractiveness, which had the potential to overshadow the story.
Five pieces of theme music were used for the series: two opening themes and three ending themes.
Game of Thrones features a large ensemble cast, including Peter Dinklage, Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, Lena Headey, Emilia Clarke and Kit Harington.
Previous holiday-themed episodes have been the thirteenth episode of each previous season excluding the first season.
Eesti tippmodell, cycle 1 was the first installment of the Estonian adaptation of America's Next Top Model founded by Tyra Banks.
Beginning this season, "The Collector" Barry Weiss is no longer with the show, having been spun off into his own series, Barry'd Treasure.
The series focuses on the misadventures of Gumball Watterson, a blue 12-year-old cat, along with his adopted brother, Darwin, a goldfish.
Episodes in season six were written and directed by Dave Willis and Matt Maiellaro.
The series' cancellation was announced on May 13, 2011.
After the next season ended the show moved out of Florida and moved to Nickelodeon on Sunset in Hollywood, California.
Starting in season 9, he returns to voice the character Slink, one of the Tough Customers.
The episodes collected in the release form the middle of the series' mythology, and are centered on the discovery of a mind-altering extraterrestrial "black oil".
Tom Chambers and Camilla Dallerup were crowned the winners on 20 December 2008.
Claudia Winkleman returned to present alongside resident judges May Martin and Patrick Grant.
One day she has a fateful encounter with the most popular boy at her high school: Yamato Kurosawa, when she kicks him straight in the face.
This was also the final series to feature both Leeroy Reed and Liam Powell.
It was the first season of the show to be filmed in front of a live audience.
On March 13, 2014, CBS renewed Mike & Molly for a fifth season.
Four seasons were broadcast by TV Markiza, hosted by Adela Banášová and Martin "Pyco" Rausch on STV in 2005 and 2006).
This was the first season that the show did not air alongside the original Law & Order.
The opening theme for the first twenty-six episodes is "Egg of the Heart"; and the last twenty-five episodes, "I Love Everyone".
The final episode aired on April 4, 2012, concluding the series with 1.43 million viewers.
Season 1 of Winx Club an Italian animated series, premiered on Rai 2 on 28 January 2004 and concluded on 26 March 2004, airing 26 episodes.
The sixth season of the American animated comedy television series Regular Show, created by J. G. Quintel, originally aired on Cartoon Network in the United States.
The 8th season of All That is the second season of the Relaunch era.
The prizes included a modeling contract with OneEins GmbH Management, a spread and cover in the German Cosmopolitan and an Opel Adams.
This series was also the last to feature original cast member Cheska Hull as well as Riley Uggla.
Bandai Visual encapsulated the series into nine volumes in DVD, Blu-ray, and Universal Media Disc formats; each volume contained a picture drama episode as a bonus.
At the time of its cancellation, the series was ranked 44th out of 101 shows in total.
Seven of the 20 hosts were former cast members.
The sixth and final series of British television comedy My Hero ran from 21 July 2006 to 10 September 2006.
Tom Bergeron and Lisa Canning were the hosts for this season.
The season was then licensed and heavily edited for a dubbed broadcast and DVD release in English by 4Kids Entertainment.
The region-free Blu-ray releases came in July 2012.
It was executively produced by FremantleMedia's Director of Drama, Jo Porter.
Casting for cycle 2 concluded on August 25, 2013.
Joanna Krupa, who also serves as the lead judge, returned to host the fifth cycle.
for episodes 12 to 24, "Ft." performed by Funkist for episodes 25 to 35, and "R.P.G."
It replaced Packed to the Rafters while the series was on hiatus.
As well as every episode from the season, the DVD release features bonus material including deleted scenes, exclusive stand-up material, and commentaries.
The season initially ran from April 14 to September 29, 2012 on TV Tokyo in Japan.
The season features Carly Shay, Sam Puckett and Freddie Benson as their own Web Show iCarly is becoming more popular worldwide.
The season ended with the finale "Gut Grinder" on September 27, 2010.
The five go on a forbidden S-Class mission with Gray and Erza to save Galuna Island and fight Gray's rival Lyon Vastia.
The series follows the lives of the staff and pupils of the eponymous school, an inner-city London comprehensive school.
Carrie Ann Inaba, Bruno Tonioli, and Len Goodman returned to the show as judges, while Tom Bergeron and Brooke Burke returned as hosts.
Despite forced budget cuts, the series featured more foreign travel and more races, as well as newer challenges and power tests.
The anime only season aired from July to December 2011 and follows Naruto sailing through the ocean.
Although it has been written that the community was established around 10 AD, the province of Gilan has a long history.
The show is produced by Si Entertainment.
Beginning with Season 6 the series switched to digital ink and paint.
The program moved to a new time slot this season, airing on Friday at 9:00 pm ET followed by the comedy series Enlisted.
Unlike Road Rules, some missions will be individual-based, some will involve a portion of the group, and some will be team-based.
Last of the Summer Wine's fourth series originally aired on BBC1 between 9 November 1977 and 4 January 1978.
This is a list of episodes for the second season of the television version of The Jack Benny Program.
The first series focuses on the growing relationship between new G-Wing governor, Helen Stewart and prisoner, Nikki Wade.
The season was written by Antonucci, Jono Howard, Mike Kubat and Rob Boutilier.
The winner of the competition was 21-year-old Yuriko Londoño from Bucaramanga.
However, it was soon settled and the actors' salaries were raised to $125,000 per episode.
During the season, Tessa Keller struggles to balance her school social life along with her best friend Raquel "Rocky" Donatelli.
Bruce Gray and Sonja Smits starred as the firm's senior partners, Adam Cunningham and Sally Ross.
It was the longest season in Biggest Loser history at 20 weeks long.
The ninth cycle of Australia's Next Top Model began airing 30 April 2015 on Fox8.
The series stars William Petersen and Marg Helgenberger.
The season debuted in September 2001 on Friday nights on ABC.
This is the last series of Australia's Next Top Model to feature Dawson, before she died of an apparent suicide five months after it ended.
The winner was 13-year-old Ruby-Rae Rogawski from Langley, British Columbia.
In addition, Paulson won for Best Supporting Actress in a Movie or Limited Series at the 5th Critics' Choice Television Awards.
The season was broadcast and syndicated to countries worldwide, with Rai providing an English language dub.
Its regular time slot on Fridays moved to 8pm/7c for the first two episodes, then back to 9pm/8c beginning with the third episode.
The twenty-seventh series of the British television drama series Grange Hill began broadcasting on 6 January 2004, before ending on 11 March 2004 on BBC One.
Its first Japanese DVD volume was released by Aniplex on September 7, 2011.
Colin Farrell, Matthew Perry, Molly Shannon, Clay Aiken, and Tara Reid guest starred.
Two songs were made for both the Opening and Ending themes of the series.
As Caroline tries to make him remember, Mac's former girlfriend Holly Hawkes returns to the hospital, claiming that he is the father of her son.
On 18 April 2016 it was announced that original cast member Anna Ryśnik had quit the show and that this would be her last series.
The season concluded on September 10, 2012, with the first blind contestant, Christine Hà, winning the MasterChef title.
The season ended on January 10, 2003.
The fifth season of Weeds consisted of 13 episodes.
The highest-rated episode was the season premiere, which was watched by 20.93 million viewers.
The first season of the American television series NCIS: Los Angeles premiered on CBS on September 22, 2009, and concluded on May 25, 2010.
The one-hour premiere, "The Siege Part III", aired on July 15, 2005.
Episodes 132 and 133 were also released in Viz's seventh English DVD box on December 21, 2010.
Persona 4: The Animation is an anime television series based on the Shin Megami Tensei: Persona 4 video game by Atlus.
The first series of Let's Dance began on RTL Television on 21 April 2006.
These American Chopper episodes are not specific to any particular media release, althoght they are usually realed with main episodes in their production order.
The season follows the idols Akari Ozora, Sumire Hikami, and Hinaki Shinjo as they take their idol unit, Luminas, on a tour across Japan.
They track Bodnar to Berlin, but later learn that he had never left the United States.
In June 2013, the series was nominated for "Best Animated Series" at the 2013 Critics' Choice Television Awards, although it did not win.
Both Ed, Edd n Eddy DVD volumes, Edifying Ed-Ventures and Fools' Par-Ed-Ise, also featured season one episodes.
The season debuted at 2.55 million viewers.
The Ed, Edd n Eddy DVD volume Edifying Ed-Ventures, also featured season two episodes.
It consists of twenty-six fifteen-minute episodes and is the third series in the Tracy Beaker franchise.
The two-hour series finale aired on May 26, 2013, moving the show to a special Sunday slot.
The season was supposed to contain 21 episodes, although only 20 of them aired as part of the first season.
After airing on Mondays for the first two seasons, the show moved to Thursdays at 10 p.m.
Eesti tippmodell, cycle 3 is the third installment of the Estonian adaptation of America's Next Top Model founded by Tyra Banks.
Following the episode that aired March 4, 2002, the show went on a six-week hiatus and was replaced by The American Embassy.
There are six episodes and it is the first full series of Red Dwarf since 1999.
In region 2 the first season was released on DVD in the UK on January 10, 2005 and in Germany on February 25, 2005.
The seventh season of the Syfy reality television series Face Off premiered on July 22, 2014.
The season introduces the Russo children, Alex, Justin, and Max Russo as they compete to become the leading wizard in their family.
The season contains 22 episodes, and concluded on April 2, 2007.
ET before moving to Mondays at 8:00 p.m.
Last of the Summer Wine's fifth series originally aired on BBC1 between 18 September and 30 October 1979.
Episodes are in chronological order of the internal events, not necessarily in the order they were aired.
Continuing their practice from previous seasons, Parker and Stone wrote and produced each episode within the week before its broadcast date.
It premiered on December 2, 2013 with "Pilot" and ended on April 14, 2014 with "Ricksy Business", with a total of eleven episodes.
The show moved to Thursdays at 8:30 pm beginning with its 100th episode.
Lene Alexandra Øien is a Norwegian singer, television personality and model.
This series saw the departures of Tom Kent, Sam Nicholls, Jamie Collier and Adrian "Fletch" Fletcher, and temporary departures of Zoe Hanna and Kathleen "Dixie Dixon.
The initial episodes of comedy web series Nostalgia Critic gradually introduced familiar elements that would later be associated with the show, particularly his appearance.
The opening theme is "Velonica" by Aqua Timez.
Producers hired Nick Cannon and Mark Saul to fill the gap they left behind.
As an anthology, each Fargo season possesses its own self-contained narrative, following a disparate set of characters in various settings.
It officially ended on January 21, 2014 and contained 107 episodes which include a shortened telecast on September 27 due to technical difficulties.
The seventh season of the television series Dallas aired on during the 1983-1984 TV season.
The first season was released on Blu-ray and DVD on September 17, 2014.
Quintel originally created the series' pilot using characters from his comedy shorts for the cancelled anthology series The Cartoonstitute.
The season is referred to by its DVDs as the chapter of Master's Prophecy and Vengeance released by Aniplex.
Based on the original series masters with frame-by-frame restoration, the first set was released November 10, 2009.
Writers include Julian Jones, Howard Overman, Jake Michie, Lucy Watkins, and Richard McBrien.
This started a main thrilling climax of a special five-part story, with Lois being kidnapped by Lex Luthor who had put the clone in her place.
It consisted of 24 episodes, each running approximately 22 minutes in length.
The series finale aired on Sunday, May 23, 2010.
The series was hosted by Claudia Winkleman and the judges were May Martin and Patrick Grant of Saville Row.
The following is a list of episodes of the television series The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson which aired in 1962:
Before the start of this season, many cast changes occurred.
4Kids used original music for their version, while Funimation opted to use the original theme songs for their version.
Set in Seattle, Washington, this season follows the investigation into the murder of local teenager Rosie Larsen, with each episode covering approximately 24 hours.
The season picked up nominations at the Directors Guild of Canada Awards, the Gemini Awards and the Young Artist Awards.
Germany's Next Topmodel, cycle 11 was the eleventh cycle of Germany's Next Topmodel.
In the United States, it was broadcast on The N, a digital cable network aimed at teenagers and young adults.
Although set in fictional Seattle Grace Hospital, located in Seattle, Washington, filming primarily occurred in Los Angeles, California.
This is a list of episodes from the first season of Tour of Duty with episode summaries.
The season averaged 1.75 million live viewers and a 0.9 adults 18–49 rating.
Almost every episode in this season features a special guest appearance, which is later continued in later seasons.
The series producer was Sara Hamill, and executive producers were Johnny Capps and Julian Murphy.
This season marks the first time Family Guy aired in 720p high-definition and widescreen with a remastered title sequence.
They are dancing in a dark room with the All That logo in the back.
This is the series's last season; it was cancelled due to low ratings.
It aired on 26 October 2007 on The N, and four days later on CTV.
Filming ran from August to September 2007 and the premiere aired October 3, 2007.
The serial significantly features new actors to the series over the course of its five episodes, most prominently Peter Capaldi.
The first season of the television series Jonas was aired on Disney Channel from May 2, 2009 to March 14, 2010, and included 21 episodes.
The show features fitness trainers Christine Bullock and Mitch Chilson.
The fifth season consists of 22 episodes.
Cycle 3 of Canada's Next Top Model, the Canadian adaptation of Tyra Banks' America's Next Top Model, aired on CTV from May to July 2009.
The season featured 16 episodes, most of which were approximately 22 minutes long each and aired at 9:30 p.m. on Thursdays.
Executive producers are John Wells, Andrew Stearn, Nancy M. Pimental, Davey Holmes, Christopher Chulack, Krista Vernoff and producers Terri Murphy and Princess Nash.
The show was soon renewed for a second season.
Producers got Lil' JJ to anchor the sketch.
Corbin Bleu and Karina Smirnoff became the runners-up, and Jack Osbourne and Cheryl Burke received third place.
The 15th season of Law & Order premiered on NBC with a two-hour premiere on September 22, 2004, and concluded on May 18, 2005.
Ellen Pompeo won the Favorite TV Drama Actress at the 39th People's Choice Awards and the show itself won the Favorite Network TV Drama.
This was the final series to be aired on SBS One, as the show moved to Nine Network for the third series.
All six episodes have been released on VHS, DVD and internet media formats.
The series features the New Directions glee club at the fictional William McKinley High School in the town of Lima, Ohio.
It premiered on September 24, 2015, in the United States on ABC.
The opening credits showed each contestant in turn, and displayed his or her starting weights.
It consists of twenty fifteen-minute episodes, which is two episodes less from the previous series, and is the fifth series in the Tracy Beaker franchise.
The winner of the first and most successful season was Myriam Montemayor Cruz in December 2002.
She was also signed with a model school managed by Paolo Moglia.
The third ending theme, from episode 107-118, is "Glory -Kimi ga Iru kara-", performed by Takako Uehara.
In the closing seconds of that season, Ziva was shown to have been captured and tortured for information about NCIS.
The scenario was written by Paul Koeck.
A second promotional poster was released after the hundredth episode was aired, on July 9, 2014.
On January 12, 2012, the season won two People's Choice Awards including Best Network TV Drama.
For the first twelve episodes, "Uragiri no Yūyake" by Theatre Brook is the opening theme, while "Trust Me" by Yuya Matsushita is the series' ending theme.
The first book has been adapted into a live-action film, The Last Airbender, directed by M. Night Shyamalan and released in 2010.
The season concluded on May 18, 2004, after 22 episodes.
The season was produced by Marvel Television in association with ABC Studios, DeKnight Prods.
The cast also included Patrick McKenna, David Cubitt, Rick Roberts, Chris Leavins, Gabriel Hogan, David Hewlett, Peter Stebbings and Alex Carter.
The international destination for this cycle was Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Previously it was scheduled to premiere on 7 September 2014 but was delayed due to an ongoing political crisis which has caught the media attention everywhere.
In the 18-49 demographic, the show ranked 20th.
Clark's best friend, Pete Ross, learns Clark's secret this season.
The show is created by Riaz Mehta and produced by Imagine Group.
Sikander Mufti joined the crew on percussions with Babar Khanna and Zulfiq 'Shazee' Ahmed Khan.
The image right is the Australian three-season DVD box set features a sole image of chief superintendent Charles Brownlow.
The third season of The Wonder Years aired on ABC from October 3, 1989 to May 16, 1990.
He was replaced with Pickle Boy, a random person who would usually be seen offering people pickles.
Eventually, on May 16, 2014, the season was re-licensed for an updated English-language release by Viz Media.
Ichiko Hashimoto, while the ending theme is "Duty Friend" by NIKIIE.
For the first 12 episodes, the opening theme is "Colors" performed by Flow while the ending theme is "Yūkyō Seishunka" performed by Ali Project.
The second season aired Wednesdays at 9:00 pm in the United States.
The show was hosted by Jay Manuel, replacing former host Tricia Helfer, who left the series to pursue her acting career.
This is the 9th season of All That and the third season of the relaunch era.
The first season of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles aired on Nickelodeon from September 29, 2012 to August 8, 2013.
In difference to other years the casting process was not featured in the premiere episode.
This season had an average of 24.5 million viewers, and was the most watched TV show of the 2001–02 television season.
The second season of Moesha, an American situation comedy created by Ralph Farquhar Sara V. Finney, Vida Spears, premiered on UPN on August 27, 1996.
Hearne wished to leave the show so he could focus on his music career.
The season was partially directed by Franklin and produced by Jeff Franklin Productions, Miller-Boyett Productions, and Lorimar Television, with Don Van Atta as the producer.
The premiere was watched by 2.72 million viewers, while the finale was watched by 2.65 million viewers.
The first series contained thirteen episodes, with 7.15 million tuning into the premier and 6.27 for the series finale.
Season ten of Stargate SG-1, an American-Canadian television series, began airing on July 14, 2006 on Sci Fi Channel.
Since then, the coup has been referred to as the Black Rebellion.
Filming of the season began on April 2, 2012.
Canada's Worst Driver 10 is the tenth season of the reality TV show Canada's Worst Driver, which airs on the Discovery Channel.
The fourth season of the American television spy drama Burn Notice premiered on June 3, 2010 on the cable television channel USA Network.
This is a list of season 9 episodes of the Extreme Makeover: Home Edition series.
Being Human is a British supernatural drama series created and written by Toby Whithouse for Touchpaper Television.
Airing on The CW from September 19, 2007 till May 19, 2008 with 18 episodes.
The low-budget, crudely made film featured prototypes of South Park's main characters and was followed in 1995 by another short film, Jesus vs. Santa.
Additionally, each main cast member was absent for three episodes during the season.
Madman Entertainment later licensed the series for a 2015 release in Australia and New Zealand.
The season aired from July to December 2007.
A second series was broadcast between October 8 and November 19, 2011.
The series was also notable due to Brendan Cole becoming the first professional dancer to reach three separate finals.
This is a list of episodes for The Daily Show with Jon Stewart in 2011.
Dave Navarro returned as host while Chris Núñez and Oliver Peck also returned to co-judge the competition.
Despite this an intrigued Yamato embarks on a campaign to get to know Mei better.
The show is no longer reviewing films with time restrictions, as the Critic can review any film released during any year.
Upon release of the season on DVD, the season received critical acclaim with the Terra story arc being singled out for praise.
Around mid-season, star Vincent D'Onofrio fainted twice from exhaustion, once on set and again at his home.
All of the episodes were written by Roy Clarke and produced and directed by Alan J. W. Bell.
Stummvoll was the first male winner of the Top Model franchise.
Because of Bellisario's "chaotic management style", Harmon threatened to leave NCIS.
The series was cancelled in November 2008, due to disappointing ratings.
Showrunner Robert Palm felt too disturbed by the subject matter and left after the season's conclusion.
It was nominated for seven British Academy Television Awards, winning one.
The host for the March 12, 1988 broadcast was never confirmed.
Power Rangers Dino Charge is an American television series created by Haim Saban and Toei Company.
The winner of the competition was 16-year-old Demelza Reveley from Wollongong, New South Wales.
Later, after finding out the Going Merry was unrepairable, Usopp leaves when Luffy reluctantly admits that the ship is done for.
The first season received consistently positive reviews, with several commentators declaring it one of the best shows on television at the time.
The fourth and final season ran for 20 episodes.
The season continues the battle between the ninja alliance and Obito Uchiha.
Former cast members Kenan Thompson and Amanda Bynes also guest starred and reprised some of their characters.
The fourth season of the television series Dallas aired on during the 1980–81 TV season.
The village itself has a difference in elevation of 100 meters.
It was produced by Bad Robot Productions in association with Warner Bros. Television, and its showrunners were Jeff Pinkner and J.H.
Unlike the previous season, it was not split into two parts and did not have an extended hiatus during the middle of the season.
This is the first season to be produced in high definition.
Johnny Test is a Canadian/American animated television series.
The final tally for the season was 11 wins for Man and 16 wins for Food.
Joanna Liszowska and Krzysztof Ibisz as the hosts, and the judges were: Edyta Górniak, Elżbieta Zapendowska and Rudi Schuberth.
The opening theme, titled "Moonlight Densetsu" , is performed by the idol group DALI.
The series gives viewers an inside look of the lives of WWE Divas from their work within WWE to their personal lives.
The "Winner Announced" was watched by an average national audience of 5.29 million, peaking at 5.74 million.
The show premiered on October 22, 2015.
The second season of the HBO television series Boardwalk Empire premiered on September 25, 2011 and concluded on December 11, 2011, consisting of 12 episodes.
The season was executive produced by series creator Hillenburg and supervising producer Paul Tibbitt, who also acted as the showrunner.
The second opening theme, used for "Chapter Zodiac Temples" beginning with episode 28, is "Next Generation" performed by Root Five.
!, is used from episode 296 to 306.
Son Mason is portrayed by child actor Griffin Gluck.
The volumes were released From September 2, 2003 through March 16, 2004.
The season uses five musical themes: two opening themes and three ending themes.
Elliot plans her wedding to Keith, although she and J.D.
The season also marks the first appearance of Comet, a dog the family adopts in "And They Call It Puppy Love".
The season premiere was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program in 2009.
All the DVDs were published by Warner Home Video.
An exclusive first trailer for the series was released during an episode of Ex On The Beach on 3 June 2014.
Unlike previous series, this series was based around pairs of contestants, similar to the format of Australian series My Kitchen Rules.
The show features the voices of Tom Kenny, Bill Fagerbakke, Rodger Bumpass, Clancy Brown, Mr. Lawrence, Jill Talley, Carolyn Lawrence, Mary Jo Catlett, and Lori Alan.
In Canada, the first part premiered on Teletoon during their "Can't Miss Thursdays" time slot starting January 9, 2014.
It was released on DVD as a six-disc box set September 11, 2007, by Warner Home Video in Region 1.
The main cast of the series includes Philip Winchester, Sullivan Stapleton, Robson Green, Michelle Lukes, Milauna Jackson and Michelle Yeoh.
AMC broadcast the fifth season on Sundays at 10:00 pm in the United States.
The fourth season was acclaimed for its flash-forwards, pace and new characters.
The series stars David Caruso and Emily Procter.
The DVD synopsis also removes all titles, and continues to tally the episodes by number.
It premiered on September 13, 2010 and was met with generally positive reviews from critics.
One reviewer called Bessie the "female answer to SpongeBob SquarePants".
The showrunners are Appel and Callaghan, with Appel replacing previous showrunner Hentemann.
Unlike previous series of the show, which were filmed on a yearly basis, both Series 10 and 11 were filmed back-to-back.
This partnership ended after the first 67 episodes of the series, with Funimation doing their own in-house dub for the remainder of the series.
On January 27, 2010, ABC announced the show would not be brought back for a fifth season.
Joining the cast this season was Joe Gladwin as Wally Batty, Nora Batty's henpecked husband.
All of the episodes were written by Roy Clarke and directed by Alan J. W. Bell.
The season was originally planned to contain 16 episodes; eight were filmed before the start of the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike.
The third season takes place between 1965 and 1968.
Seven DVD compilations, containing either three or four episodes, have been released by Funimation.
The 18th season of the television series Arthur premiered on September 29, 2014 on PBS and comprised 10 episodes.
Unfortunately, Tysonia wound up gaining five pounds from what she said, "too much Slim Fast".
Series two premiered on 19 September 2009.
The third series of Made in Chelsea, a British structured-reality television programme, began airing on 2 April 2012 on E4.
The winner of the competition was 17-year-old Jin Jung-sun.
The host of this season will be Doukissa Nomikou.
In the Legends of Jewel Land, the Jewelpets were born from the love and caring of their queen, Jewelina.
The first volume of the season was released on Region 1 DVD on November 2, 2010.
The episodes are directed by Hayato Date, and produced by Studio Pierrot and TV Tokyo.
The second series continued to follow the lives of two teams employed with the prestigious Tactical Response Unit in Victoria, Australia.
The fifth season concluded after 14 episodes on December 12, 2001.
The series follows the lives of the faculty and pupils of the eponymous school.
The girls hope to ultimately see the sunrise from atop the mountain they climbed as children once more.
Total Divas is an American reality television series that premiered on July 28, 2013, on E!.
The show's cold openings featured the cast in a green room and their departure from the room.
A preview episode, "The Quest Begins", aired on May 25, 2011.
The season introduces Carly Shay, Sam Puckett, Freddie Benson, and Spencer Shay.
In conjunction with the seventh season, All That brought in weekly special guest stars who helped open the show and participated in some of the sketches.
In May 2014, Gaz announced that the series would begin in July.
The Last of the Summer Wines fourteenth series aired on BBC1.
It consisted of thirteen episodes, each running approximately 47 minutes.
Unlike the first season the second season of Lucha Underground was not picked up by UniMás and thus not broadcast in Mexico.
This was the earliest start to a season.
Season three dipped in ratings, averaging 2.8 million viewers weekly.
This is a list of episodes of the South Korean variety show Running Man in 2014.
Like previous seasons, this season showcases a lineup of 8 couples.
This is a list of the 13 episodes of series one of Frontline, which first aired in 1994.
NBC announced that the second season would be the last, effectively canceling the series on May 11, 2012.
Two weeks after the season finale, long-time performer Phil Hartman was killed by his wife.
Rittenhouse is administered by Dr. Robert "Bob" Jackson, the Rittenhouse Chief of Staff.
This season, along with its first season, was released on DVD in a bundle on February 15, 2011 in Region 1.
This season rounds out the cast of Al's friends by introducing Griff, who works at Gary's Shoes with Al, and Ike.
Danica Maksimović, Aljoša Vučković, Irfan Mensur, Ružica Sokić, Ivan Bekjarev, Bojana Ordinačev, Srđan Karanović, Iva Štrljić, Srna Lango, Dragana Vujić & Vladan Dujović joins the cast.
The season finale episode premiered on Monday, August 31, 2009, averaging 1.3 million viewers, up versus season 4's finale that averaged 1 million.
The show airs on SBS as part of their Good Sunday lineup.
The season deals with the Russo children, Alex, Justin and Max Russo continuing to compete to become the leading wizard in their family.
However, their plans usually fail, leaving them in various predicaments.
The show's ratings suffered a steep drop and it regularly finished fourth in its time slot.
The series also features original music by Kousuke Yamashita as well as various insert songs sung by Kōji Wada.
The second season of The New Adventures of Old Christine premiered on September 18, 2006 and concluded on May 7, 2007.
Tom Bergeron and Samantha Harris return as the show's hosts.
It premiered on November 22 and ended on December 27, 2013, containing six episodes.
Hotel marks the first season to not feature series mainstays Jessica Lange and Frances Conroy.
The series first aired on April 7, 2012, on TV Tokyo and TV Osaka and ended its broadcast on March 30, 2013.
The series premiered on April 5, 2013 on TBS with later airings on MBS, CBC and BS-TBS.
The season aired from April to October 2011.
The tenth season of Bad Girls Club is titled Bad Girls Club: Atlanta and premiered on January 15, 2013 and was filmed in Atlanta, Georgia.
A majority of the episode titles for this season are named after songs released in 1994 & 1903.
Now a film name Sword Art Online:Ordinal Scale being released.
All That's fifth season ran from December 12, 1998 to May 22, 1999.
As result only 3 serials are complete.
When the audience was unreceptive, he was removed from the series with no explanation other than being left at the D'Arcys'.
Pussycat Dolls lead singer Nicole Scherzinger won the competition over Olympic Gold Medalist Evan Lysacek and ESPN Sportscaster Erin Andrews, who took second and third, respectively.
The series was canceled again in 2002; however, high ratings on Adult Swim and high DVD sales renewed Fox's interest in the series.
They were replaced by Mike Rosenthal and Adam Williams.
The ending theme up to episode 156 is "Free Will" by Ruppina.
It was broadcast in ten episodes beginning on 8 July 2011 and 14 July 2011.
All of the episodes were written by Roy Clarke and produced and directed by Alan J. W. Bell.
The showrunner for the tenth season was Mike Scully.
There are no Monday night results show this season; therefore, elimination takes place at the end of each Sunday night performance show from Week 2 onwards.
Star Gazers is a five-minute astronomy show on American public television previously hosted by Jack Foley Horkheimer, executive director of the Miami Space Transit Planetarium.
ET for the third season, where it received an average of 0.9 in the 18–49 demographic and 4.57 million viewers over its 13-episode run.
The eighth season of the American television comedy series How I Met Your Mother was announced in March 2011 along with confirmation of the seventh season.
Bakugan: New Vestroia is the second season to the Japanese animated television series Bakugan Battle Brawlers.
With six skaters left, they split into two groups of three and performed a group routine.
On week 14, the stars for their second dance were challenged to dance a solo whole choreography without their pro partners.
However all of the Bates parts are edited out and are replaced with Bynes.
The third installment continues to follow the lives of two teams employed with the prestigious Tactical Response Unit in Victoria, Australia.
The tenth season concluded with a one-hour broadcast of two episodes, which aired on May 20, 2012.
The first series of British television comedy My Hero ran from 4 February 2000, to 22 December 2000.
The series was won by Greta Yaxley from Claremont, Western Australia.
Toho started collecting the series in DVD and Blu-ray format on December 21, 2012 and finished the release with the eighth volume on July 26, 2013.
The second season of the ABC television series Once Upon a Time was announced on May 10, 2012.
The twentieth series of the British medical drama television series Casualty aired on BBC One from 10 September 2005 to 26 August 2006.
The series takes place in Yerevan, Armenia.
The Simpsons' fifth season originally aired on the Fox network between September 30, 1993 and May 19, 1994.
The eighth and final season of Weeds premiered on July 1, 2012, and featured 13 episodes, bringing the series total to 102.
The runners-up were Anna Nørgaard from Højbjerg and Arwen Bergröm from Sundsvall.
They are based on Part II for Masashi Kishimoto's manga series.
The English opening song is "Battle Frontier" by Jason Appleton.
The season was fairly well critically received scoring 77 on Metacritic.
Persona 4: The Golden Animation is a 2014 anime television series produced by A-1 Pictures based on Atlus' Persona 4 video game.
The series consisted of six episodes and concluded on 5 October 2001.
This is a list of episodes for the fifth and final season of Lou Grant.
The show moved to Sunday nights rather than Saturdays with Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby returning to present.
Ninja Storm uses footage and elements from the Super Sentai series Ninpuu Sentai Hurricaneger.
The season takes place a year after the events of season 3 and the feature film Winx Club: The Secret of the Lost Kingdom.
As of the end of season 2, the two are married.
It was licensed by Funimation as the first season after 4Kids Entertainment dropped their heavily edited dubbing.
by Rie Kitagawa while the ending theme is "Cure Up RaPaPa!
The production of Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion was revealed by an internet trailer in 2006.
Katarzyna Skrzynecka and Piotr Gąsowski continued as the hosts, and the judges were: Iwona Szymańska-Pavlović, Zbigniew Wodecki, Beata Tyszkiewicz and Piotr Galiński.
HBO had ordered a television pilot in November 2008; filming began the following year.
It aired in Canada on CTV Television Network and in Australia on the Seven Network.
The season was released in four compilations between November 22, 2011 and March 20, 2012.
Instead of scoring the couples on their Skate-Off performance, this season the judges were just asked to vote on the couple of their choice.
As with previous years, eight nominees, as nominated by their nominators, enter the Driver Rehabilitation Centre to improve their driving skills.
The second season of Man v. Food, an American food reality television series hosted by Adam Richman on the Travel Channel, premiered on August 5, 2009.
In addition, three clip-shows recapped previous events on the show.
Episodes in season one were written and directed by Dave Willis and Matt Maiellaro.
Louie was created by Louis C.K., who serves as the series' sole writer and director.
Anime Limited also licensed the series for a home media release in the United Kingdom.
The season finale was on November 21, 2010.
It saw another increase, this time to 46 episodes.
Amita is kidnapped, and the team race to find her.
In week 6 the ten couples were divided into five groups.
A season set containing all of the episodes of the season was released to Region 1 DVD on August 31, 2004.
It also touches on maternal and child health, family planning, gender-based violence, and women empowerment.
A New Years Special aired on 31 December 2008.
The program was hosted by Sugar Ray Leonard, former champion boxer.
This series follows the lives of sixth form students Tony Stonem, Michelle Richardson, Sid Jenkins, Cassie Ainsworth, Chris Miles, Jal Fazer, Maxxie Oliver and Anwar Kharral.
This year saw Rachel Tietz depart from the main cast due to her decision to move back to California.
The show aired on Fridays at 10:00 pm ET.
The Genius: Rules of the Game is the first season of The Genius debuted on tvN on April 26, 2013.
Early screening for the first episode was held in March 2008 in Tokyo Dome City and Osaka Mido Hall.
Special episodes listed here were aired separately to the normal season episodes.
Danny Tamberelli and Mark Saul left show business to focus on school.
Like the first six seasons, the cast would start the show in the green room before starting the show.
The main story arc of the season involves the Sanctuary working against the Cabal, an organization who seek to control all abnormals for their own gain.
However, MTV Canada and TeenNick did not announce picking up the season until a month before the first episode was scheduled to air.
Within the seasons of Heroes are "volumes", which allow the writers to focus on shorter story arcs.
Joseph Morgan's character Klaus became a series regular instead of returning as a recurring character.
However, in January 2012, Baldwin confirmed that he would remain for the seventh and final season of 30 Rock.
U.S. viewership rose by approximately 33% over the course of the season, from 2.2 million to over 3 million by the finale.
This is a list of Time Team episodes from series 9.
"Trust Me" and "Uragiri no Yūyake" were released as singles on February 17, 2010 and February 24, 2010, respectively.
Reviews of the final series were polarised between positive and negative, with critical opinions ranging from "as impressive as ever" to looking "tattered and tired".
Character designs in the series were done by Nam Jong-Sik of Animal Yokocho and Kazuya Hayashi of Happy Happy Clover.
The original Australian three-season box set features a sole image of Sgt Bob Cryer.
The fourth season concluded after 17 episodes on December 20, 2000.
The seventh season of the Pakistani music television series Coke Studio premiered on 21 September 2014. and aired it finale episode on 22 November 2014.
American Horror Story: Asylum is the second season of the American FX horror television series American Horror Story, created by Brad Falchuk and Ryan Murphy.
The fifth season premiered on January 31, 2017.
The season contains five musical themes between two openings and three endings.
The third season of the police procedural drama NCIS was originally broadcast between September 20, 2005 and May 16, 2006 on CBS.
The second season of the television series HaPijamot was originally broadcast on Arutz HaYeladim in Israel.
Although ten episodes were produced for season five, only nine episodes aired.
The Contender 1 is the first season of The Contender.
The winner of the competition was 22-year-old Li Si Jia from Harbin.
It was first announced by Sanrio in the 2015 Winter Wonder Festival in Japan and was confirmed in the March Issue of the Shogakukan magazine Pucchigumi.
It is set at the new and considerably more modern advertising agency, Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce.
Neil Flynn was only a guest star in the first season, although he appeared in every episode of the season.
Louie was created by Louis C.K., who serves as the series' sole writer and director.
The Soul Society: The Sneak Entry arc is the second season of the Bleach anime series, containing 21 episodes.
However, Nick promoted "iShock America" as the start of a new season.
The series loosely follows the comic philosophy of writer John Byrne, with Clark Kent as the true personality, and Superman as a secondary disguise.
Home and Away star Bec Hewitt and partner Michael Mizner won the series, with politician Pauline Hanson and her partner Salvatore Vecchio as runner-up.
Gabe Sachs and Jeff Judah are executive producers for the first season, after original producer Rob Thomas dropped out to focus on other projects.
The second season of the show started on 20 March 2011.
The season aired Tuesday nights at 8/7c.
Animax UK also licensed the series to stream it on their official website.
The series premiered in Australia on Sci Fi on July 14, 2011.
For the final three episodes, scenes were filmed in Pensacola, Florida to represent Panama.
The fifth season of The Sopranos aired on HBO from March 7 to June 6, 2004.
The season contains six hold-over episodes from the season 15 production line.
Aniplex released the series in Japan on seven Blu-ray and DVD volumes starting on November 21, 2012.
In this season, the Technodrome is located at the bottom of the Arctic Ocean.
Colin Hay guest starred for the first time.
The season received generally favorable reviews from contemporary critics, who appreciated the growing tension among the Housewives.
On September 7, 2008 the season became available to purchase for registered users of the US iTunes Store.
It was the last series of four episodes; later series had only three.
This is a comprehensive list of all of the episodes from the first season of American game show Wipeout.
Blue Bloods' first season aired during the 2010–11 television season on Fridays at 10:00 p.m. EST.
This continues until three contestants remain, where two traditional final challenges determine who is named Canada's Worst Driver.
Kovalev also became the second strictly professional to reach the finals three times, after Brendan Cole.
Fox moved the show's time slot several times throughout the course of the season, which cost the show ratings.
Tortoises are particularly popular for sale as pets but Barbary macaques and snakes can also be seen.
The fourth cycle of Asia's Next Top Model aired from March to June 2016.
The season was released on DVD as a six disc set under the title of City Homicide: Series Two on 29 June 2010.
Both storylines were introduced in Season 3's "Sins of the Father".
Beyond the Boundary is a 2013 supernatural Japanese anime series based on the light novels written by Nagomu Torii and illustrated by Chise Kamoi.
The premiere was watched by 3.37 million viewers while the finale watched by 3.12 million viewers.
Underbelly, the first series of Australian crime television drama series Underbelly.
King Records released the series in Japan on five Blu-ray and six DVD volumes between September 25, 2013 and February 26, 2014.
The fifth season of the American animated television series Johnny Test originally aired on Cartoon Network in the United States.
The series was originally developed by Brad Wright and Jonathan Glassner, while Brad Wright and Robert C. Cooper served as executive producers.
The first season is about a military-science expedition team discovering Atlantis and exploring the Pegasus Galaxy.
The fourth season of The New Adventures of Old Christine premiered on September 24, 2008 and concluded on May 20, 2009.
The second season of The Good Wife began airing on September 28, 2010, and concluded on May 17, 2011.
The series premiered on 2 February 2014.
and "Dance Moms Cares" as official season episodes.
Season three of Cold Case, an American television series, began airing on September 25, 2005 and concluded on May 21, 2006.
The second season of Packed to the Rafters, an Australian drama television series, began airing on 30 June 2009 on the Seven Network.
A Valentine's Day episode aired on February 10, 2013, in which Stewie rounds up all of Brian's ex-girlfriends, who take delight in pointing out Brian's flaws.
This series saw the return of single-themed episodes, removing much of the serialiased format formally introduced in 2002 under producer Paul Marquess.
The ninth series of the British television drama series Waterloo Road began airing on 5 September 2013 on BBC One and ended on 12 March 2014.
The season also featured the return of Paget Brewster and Jayne Atkinson for the 200th episode, which aired on February 5, 2014.
The 8th season of NYPD Blue premiered on ABC on January 9, 2001, and concluded on May 22, 2001.
This is when Nikki's attraction for Helen begins to grow.
The fourteenth and final season of the television series Dallas aired on during the 1990-1991 TV season.
Season four takes place between November 1964 and October 1965.
2009" by Rica Matsumoto and Megumi Toyoguchi.
This is a list of episodes for the second season of the television series Married... with Children.
The season premiere aired on September 25, 2008 and ended with a special double-episode on May 21, 2009.
Worf's son Alexander appears later in the season, as does Tasha Yar's sister, and the Enterprise encounters an infant alien space entity.
The prize also includes a feature in W Magazine Korea and a contract for SK-II.
The Complete First Season DVD was released in Region 1 in 2006 and Region 4 in 2007.
Two new recurring stars Blair McDonough and Jessica Napier played a married couple, Matt and Simone Robsenn who are the local dive masters.
In the United States, it was broadcast on The N, a digital cable network aimed at teenagers and young adults.
Its premise and rules mimic those of season two, with some changes to make it unique from the previous season.
The cast exit separately out of a limo and walk down the carpet, where they are greeted by fans who are throwing roses and taking pictures.
Only a single piece of theme music is used during the season: the opening theme "Share the World" by TVXQ.
With four wins, Terrazzino is currently the most successful professional dancer in history of the show.
Another multi-episode arc included Lee Tergesen as an officer who is friends with the homicide squad and later gets shot.
Series 3 of police drama Rush premiered on 22 July 2010 on Network Ten.
The third arc is "Tartaros"編, Tarutarosu-hen), which adapts material from the rest of the manga's 40th volume to the middle of the 49th volume.
"Too Young" was nominated for an Emmy Award.
Nikki is set for her appeal, and if she wins will she find Helen waiting for her?
It was set in the fictional Seattle Grace Hospital, located in the city of Seattle, Washington.
The season was originally going to have thirteen episodes.
Sander Schwartz was tagged as the executive producer for the series.
The thirteenth episode of the season, Phase One, aired after Super Bowl XXXVII.
This season marked the introduction of Jerry Orbach as Lennie Briscoe, who replaced Paul Sorvino after "Prince of Darkness."
The Region 2 DVD was released on February 26, 2007.
The show is hosted by Canada's Worst Driver host Andrew Younghusband, and shares much of its production crew with Canada's Worst Driver.
This was the first and only season to air on The CW, which was a merge of UPN and the show's previous home, The WB.
The season began with "Fly" and ended with "Dukes in Space".
Similar bans have been instituted in Atlantic Canada and Quebec, with Manitoba and Saskatchewan considering similar laws.
The following is a comprehensive list of episodes from the second season of American game show Wipeout.
It has also been released on home media in regions 2 and 4 in the international markets.
The 2-hour pilot episode aired on September 19, 1994 and was followed by 24 other episodes, including the season finale that aired on May 18, 1995.
It primarily depicts the organized crimes in Kings Cross and the police corruption leading up to the 1995 Wood Royal Commission.
Outside the United States, Season 4 began airing on digital channel 7TWO on Tuesdays at 7:30pm from April 13, 2010 in Australia.
Also, the process of nominating players for elimination is not used.
On July 12, 2013 it was confirmed that Justin Hartley would join the cast as Patrick Osbourne, Victoria Grayson's long lost son.
The second season of Animated series "The Dukes Of Broxstonia" first broadcast on ABC3 Australia on 10 January 2011 and ended on 23 January 2012.
This was the first series to include brand new cast members and siblings Jasmin and Danny Walia.
In Canada, it began airing on September 4, 2013 on Teletoon.
Fox ordered a second production series of 22 episodes in October 2009.
The cast are wearing nice clothing, compared to the first three seasons.
The season was met with mixed reviews.
A rule violation occurred and is noted during the end credits of episode 5, details are unknown.
This is the last season to feature Brett Tucker as his character leaves for Africa in the season finale.
The episodes' plot centers on Ichigo Kurosaki's and his friends' efforts to save Soul Reaper Rukia Kuchiki from execution by her superiors in the Soul Society.
This season is similar to season one, because this season stars the same cast members and is also taped in Orlando, Florida.
The first season of CSI: Crime Scene Investigation premiered on CBS on October 6, 2000, and ended on May 17, 2001.
The series will be released on Blu-ray and DVD on September 22, 2013 with English and Japanese audio and English subtitles.
Cycle one of Canada's Next Top Model, the Canadian adaptation of Tyra Banks' America's Next Top Model, aired on Citytv from May to July 2006.
The mini-series is a prequel to the 2008 production Underbelly, which was about the Melbourne gangland killings and forms part of the Underbelly series.
The second season of the Dragon Ball Z anime series comprise the Namek and Captain Ginyu story arcs.
The region 1 DVD was released on April 19, 2005.
The winner of the competition was 16-year-old Antonia Hausmair, who represented Burgenland.
The season premiere aired on March 17, 2008.
The best song was given to chakwal group.
The season moved timeslots three times during its run.
The designer for the series was Andrew Gardner.
For the first 23 episodes, the opening theme is "La♪ La♪ La♪ Suite PreCure♪" by Mayu Kudou whilst the ending theme is "Wonderful↑ Powerful↑ Music!!"
Regular cast members during Jungle Fury include Jason Smith, Aljin Abella, Anna Hutchison, David de Lautour, Nikolai Nikolaeff, Sarah Thomson, Bede Skinner and Holly Shanahan.
Other continuing staff included Catherine Hoeven as supervising producer and Tim Mancinelli as director.
At the end of the season, Andros shatters Zordon's tube to wipe out all evil, and Karone is restored to her normal self.
Different from the previous two seasons, she has shorter hair and an untraditional style which includes a lot of zebra print and unique boots.
The series was led by head writer and executive producer Steven Moffat, alongside executive producer Brian Minchin.
This is a list of episodes for the second season of Nickelodeon's animated television series, Kung Fu Panda: Legends of Awesomeness.
Set in Seattle, Washington, this season follows the continued investigation into the murder of local teenager Rosie Larsen, with each episode covering approximately 24 hours.
It was sold to numerous television stations around the world, and it has been adapted into localized foreign versions in Russia and France.
Diamond Is Unbreakable aired in Japan between April 1, 2016 and December 23, 2016 and was simulcast by Crunchyroll.
It then moved to a Thursday time slot.
Ross also made a return to the beach for Series 6.
The first series centers on Howard Moon and Vince Noir, and the adventures they have whilst working at a zoo.
The series currently airs on Space in Canada.
The episodes were approximately 22 minutes long each, all of which aired at 8:30 p.m. on Thursdays.
Season eleven of Dancing with the Stars premiered on September 20, 2010.
It was revealed that this would be a stand-alone series which would not be promoted as the tenth series.
Season five officially began on December 12, 2010, on Adult Swim, with "Robot Chicken's DP Christmas Special", and contained a total of twenty episodes.
The eleventh season of Australian reality television series The Block premiered on 6 September 2015 on the Nine Network.
It consisted of thirteen episodes, each running approximately 23 minutes in length.
Grant Denyer and his partner Amanda Garner won the series, with Kostya Tszyu and his partner Luda Kroitor as runner-up.
Project Runway Australia 3 is the third season of the reality competition Project Runway Australia, airing on Arena.
Dwight Schrute is finally promoted to regional manager.
Rohail Hyatt and Umber Hyatt continued as producers of the show.
FX broadcast the first season on Wednesdays at 10:00 pm in the United States.
The show is broadcast on truTV, narrated by Peter Thomas, and produced by Medstar Television, in association with truTV Original Productions.
The third ending theme, "Troublemaker" by KANIKAPILA, is used from episode 432 to 443.
The season contains 25 episodes and concluded airing on May 15, 1997.
Season six of Beverly Hills, 90210, an American drama television series, began airing on September 13, 1995 on Fox television network.
"; and the last twelve episodes, "Do Your Best and Go!".
The season consisted of 10 episodes and aired between 1 May and 3 July 2013.
The second season of the animated series WordGirl aired between February 4, 2009 and July 20, 2010 on PBS in the United States.
Poundstone's role was recast after six episodes and given to Janine Ditullio as a replacement.
Contestant Daniel Wright was a contestant in Season 7, and has returned to "finish what [he] started".
Nathan, in seeking new career challenges in the music business, struggles to resist strong temptations that may well signal the end of his young marriage.
Mnet's program 'Welcome To Wonderland' is a documentary about the Wonder Girls daily life.
The region 1 DVD was released on June 13, 2006.
Home and Away: Weddings is an exclusive-to-DVD special of Australia's most popular soap Home and Away.
The first of the final nine episodes premiered on April 8, 2007 with the series finale airing on June 10, 2007.
The series debuted with pilot episode, which was viewed by 13.01 million viewers.
Season seventeen of Dancing with the Stars premiered on September 16, 2013 and ended on November 26, 2013.
This is a list of episodes from the fifth and final season of Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C.
It was released by Universal Studios Home Entertainment.
Charlie and Amita intensify their relationship, as do Larry and Megan.
The British artwork features a collage image featuring DI Roy Galloway, PCs Nick Shaw and Viv Martella, and DC Mike Dashwood.
This series featured forty-two episodes, which was five episodes less than the previous series.
Twoja twarz brzmi znajomo is a Polish reality show broadcast on Polsat.
Holly Robinson Peete has a recurring guest role in Season 2 as Carl's love interest.
This series was won by Elena Duggan in the grand finale against Matt Sinclair on 26 July 2016.
The first two seasons of this series were released on DVD together in a single box set by Universal Home Video.
Dr. Preston Burke is the head of Cardio surgery.
The first episode of Regular Show's third season is "Stick Hockey", ending with the season finale "Bad Kiss".
The series was picked up by Crunchyroll for online simulcast streaming.
The region 1 DVD was released on April 4, 2006.
The second series of Geordie Shore, a British television programme based in Newcastle upon Tyne, began airing on 31 January 2012 on MTV.
The show won Emmy Awards, including one for Outstanding Comedy Series, in 1983 and 1984.
This would be the final season for Shane Lyons, Giovonnie Samuels, and Jamie Lynn Spears.
The seventh season marked the debut of characters FBI Agent Mike Giardello and Detective Rene Sheppard.
3rd most watched drama @abcnetwork thanks to you.
Because of the Writers Guild of America strike, only 12 episodes were initially produced for this season.
The season was ordered on January 17, 2015.
The twelfth season concluded after 14 episodes on November 19, 2008.
The eighteenth series of the British television drama series Grange Hill began broadcasting on 3 January 1995, before ending on 20 March 1995 on BBC One.
The season uses two different pieces of theme music.
The Bachelorette 8 is the eighth season of ABC reality television series The Bachelorette.
Regular Show was renewed for a third season on November 16, 2010.
4Kids Entertainment used original theme music in their adaptation, while Funimation Entertainment opted for English language versions of the theme music pieces used by Toei Animation.
However, the main cast members, as well as the guest stars, received critical acclaim, resulting in numerous awards and nominations.
The sixth and final season of the American television series Parenthood premiered on September 25, 2014 and concluded on January 29, 2015.
Bruce Gray and Sonja Smits starred as the firm's senior partners, Adam Cunningham and Sally Ross.
The 26-episode season originally ran from May to November 1992 in Japan on Fuji Television.
Series creator Chris Carter felt that the series' ongoing story lines were becoming too confusing, so he scrapped them and started over.
The third season comprises 33 episodes and concluded its initial airing November 27, 1995.
The episodes av the second season is posted on TV4 Play Premium, a pay on demand service by TV4, on Fridays and is aired on Sundays.
The first episode premiered to 13.90 million viewers, and garnered a 3.8/10 adults 18-49 rating, beating The Good Wife, and Cosmos to win its timeslot.
It was later made available as a separate season in the United Kingdom on 28 May 2007 and in Australia on 3 August 2011.
The season premiere deals with Homer being diagnosed with narcolepsy, his breaking up with Marge, and falling for a pharmacist.
The season received positive reviews before airing, including one from Michael Ausiello of Entertainment Weekly, who saw the fourth season as being "bloody promising".
Made in Chelsea: NYC, the spin-off series of Made in Chelsea, a British structured-reality television programme, began airing on 10 August 2014 on E4.
However, some of the pacing during the season and the final red Daredevil suit received criticism.
The first episode aired September 4 on ESPN, with a live finale on November 6 at the TD Banknorth Garden in Boston.
On January 22, 2013, Doug revived the series and began producing new episodes beginning on February 5.
The sixth season of Will & Grace premiered on September 25, 2003 and concluded on April 29, 2004.
The season brought the show back to the way it originally began: two dissimilar men working together to raise a child.
The episodes' plot follows the flashback arc of the series' storyline which retells the Vizard's past.
This season comprises 52 episodes, making it twice the length of any of the show's previous seasons.
As well as skating as normal, each celebrity skater performed a routine on their own.
The season contains 24 episodes and concluded airing on May 16, 1996.
The first season of JoJo's Bizarre Adventure uses three pieces of theme music, two opening themes and one ending theme.
NBC's President of Primetime Entertainment at the time, Angela Bromstad, said, "I’m a "Law & Order" junkie...
Four episodes from this season originally premiered in syndication from May 3 to May 6, 2010.
Joyce is in an on-off relationship with widower Vince Moranto, who is often seen at the house.
It began airing in June 13, 2010.
As Akari accepts Ruby, a Jewel Charm appears on her hand and she realizes that she was chosen by Ruby to be her partner.
As it had been in the first season, Cooper was unaware of the Mole's identity.
In South Africa, Season 3 premiered on Tuesday January 13, 2009 in its normal 7:30.P.M CAT timeslot.
The following year it won awards from the Royal Television Society, the Broadcasting Press Guild and the British Comedy Awards.
Ștefan Bănică, Jr. and Olivia Steer were the hosts for this season.
This is a list of episodes from the sixth season of Barnaby Jones.
The 2016 season of the astronomy TV show Star Gazers starring Dean Regas and James Albury started on January 4, 2016.
Harris is the first ever non-American selected for The Bachelorette as she is from Canada., and chose Ed Swiderski in the finale.
Six DVD compilations, each containing three episodes of the saga, have been released by Funimation.
This is the last season in which Drew Adkins and Jake Beale voice Arthur and D.W.
It has received several awards and nominations from BAFTA Kids.
The Cell Games Saga is the sixth season of Dragon Ball Z anime series.
Fenner almost loses his life, while Hollamby has Shell transferred to the mental health wing where she comes face-to-face with an old enemy.
The third series of Ex on the Beach, a British television programme, began airing on 11 August 2015 on MTV.
The series premiered on Tokyo MX on July 6, 2013 with later airings on CTC, tvk, TVS, SUN-TV, KBS, AT-X, TVA and BS11.
The eighth season of the animated television series The Fairly OddParents first aired on Nickelodeon on February 12, 2011, with the episode "Love Triangle".
As with most seasons of the show, all episodes are written and directed by series co-creator and co-star Trey Parker.
This is also the first cycle to feature male contestants.
The second series of The Bill, a British television drama, consisted of twelve episodes, broadcast between 11 November 1985 and 10 February 1986.
Other prominent characters in the series include Carl's grandmother Rosetta; Mike's mother Peggy and cafe worker Samuel.
Meanwhile, Barb and Christine's sham marriage is discovered by an INS officer leaving Barb imprisoned.
Steve Rhoades also makes his final two appearances during this season.
Its bonus material included: commentary for each episode, bloopers and deleted scenes.
This is a list of episodes from the first season of the original Star Trek series.
In the United States, the season premiered on Cartoon Network on June 13, 2011.
Peter Straus and Paul Tibbitt were also nominated at the ceremony for their work on the "Christmas Who?"
The show was created by Paul Attanasio, with film director Barry Levinson and television writer and producer Tom Fontana serving as executive producers.
Louie was created by Louis C.K., who serves as the series' sole writer and director.
Aniplex of America announced that the English dubbed version will air on Adult Swim's Toonami block starting from July 27, 2013.
The winner of the competition was 20-year-old Tawan Kedkong, from Thailand.
aired as the second episode of the season on October 2, 2011.
Diana Muldaur was cast as Dr. Katherine Pulaski for a single season before the return of McFadden in season three.
The Virginian was renamed The Men from Shiloh for its final season.
During the "All star" fifth series, both Chloe and Liam returned to the beach as main cast, whereas Ashley and Joss returned once again as exes.
Chuck and Sarah continue to grow closer, complicating their asset-handler relationship.
Four pieces of theme music are used for the series; two opening themes by Psychic Lover and two closing themes.
This was the first time in The Bachelor and The Bachelorette franchise with 30 suitors.
Power Rangers Super Megaforce is an American television series created by Haim Saban, Toei Company and Ishimori Productions.
Inspiration came from old hotel horror films and actual hotels situated in downtown Los Angeles with a reputation for sinister events, including the Cecil.
The first episode started with 25 finalists, selected from 70 semifinalists.
AMC broadcast the third season on Sundays at 10:00 pm in the United States.
Seven more episodes were made after the strike, and they began airing in April 2008.
The show was hosted by Mexican model Elsa Benítez, with the judging panel of the previous cycle remaining unchanged.
Shows like Drake & Josh, Zoey 101 and other Nick shows usually last around 65 episodes.
Hawley and his writing team used the second season to expand the scope of the show's storytelling.
is an American television series, the eleventh series and thirteenth season of the Power Rangers franchise, began airing on February 5, 2005 on ABC Family.
The first season of the American television drama series The Americans premiered on January 30, 2013, and concluded on May 1, 2013.
The 6th season of Jak oni śpiewają, the Polish edition of Soapstar Superstar, started on September 12, 2009 and ended on November 21, 2009.
The series was developed by Brad Wright and Robert C. Cooper, who also served as executive producers.
It was filmed on the Big Island of Hawaii in October 2002.
The series finale aired April 4, 2014 as the back-to-back episodes aired the night.
A notable moment of the season was when an internet campaign was created to get actress Betty White to host an episode of the show.
This season features many fantasies, as well as features many well-known actors in guest roles such as Scott Foley, Michael J.
The sixth and final season of The Wonder Years aired on ABC from September 23, 1992 to May 12, 1993.
The anime was acquired by Funimation for streaming in North America.
This season featured sixteen contestants in its final cast.
Because of this change, this season received mixed reviews from television critics and fans.
In the year 2021 a biological agent known as the Gastrea Virus suddenly appeared and decimated most of the planet's population.
      
The fifth series was released on DVD in region 2 as a combined box set with series 6 on 5 March 2007.
From episode 69 to 76, the ending theme is "This Road".
The eighth season of the American drama television series 24, also known as Day 8, premiered in the United States on Fox on January 17, 2010.
Seeing House and his team as a waste of time and resources, he decreases their salaries, eventually forcing House to fire one of his team members.
The season's format has been noted for its enhanced challenges compared to the first season.
The winners of this series were Alesha Dixon and Matthew Cutler.
It was reported in February 2011 that Isabelle Edvardsson and Peter Kraus would not return for series 4, after being judges for only one series.
In extreme circumstances, the experts may also choose to expel a contestant with no intention of improving their driving skills.
This is a list of episodes for the seventh and final season of the television series Designing Women.
The season is currently on air in Urdu on filmax channel in Pakistan.
Acclaimed episodes like "Scorpion", "Year of Hell", and "Hope and Fear", led critics to describe the fourth season as one of the best.
It tells the story of retired FBI Agent Frank Black.
The fourth season of StarDance debuted on Česká televize on October 30, 2010.
In a bit of stunt casting they hired Danny Tamberelli.
No new episodes of the program aired between December and March, due to the 2007-2008 Writers Guild of America strike.
Part I was aired from April 6, 2009, until May 31, 2009, while Part II was aired from September 29, 2009, until December 1, 2009.
The 16-episode season is based on Tite Kubo's manga series.
The 11th season of the Australian police-drama Blue Heelers premiered on the Seven Network on 4 February 2004 and aired on Wednesday nights at 8:30 PM.
The third season premiered on 7 March 2015.
The Japanese opening song is "Advance Adventure" by GARDEN.
The season premiere was watched by 11.36 million viewers, achieving an adult 18-49 rating/share of 3.9/10.0.
The thirteenth season of CSI: Crime Scene Investigation premiered on September 26, 2012 on CBS, and ended on May 15, 2013.
The syndication episodes featured the original title sequence, while the CBS episodes debuted a new title sequence, and also did away with the show's title cards.
The season garnered strong ratings for The WB, averaging 4.2 million viewers.
The second season of Law & Order aired on NBC between September 17, 1991, and May 14, 1992.
The sixth season of the Australian Dancing with the Stars TV series premiered on Tuesday 20 February 2007 and concluded on Tuesday 1 May 2007.
Mike Scully executive-produced the remaining five, which were all hold-overs that were produced for the previous season.
Paramount Home Entertainment released the complete fifth season in a six-disc box set on June 6, 2006.
The seventh series of the BBC family sitcom My Family originally aired between 6 April 2007 and 26 December 2007.
Each week the couples will perform, and the judges will give each couple a score based on several factors, including technical execution.
Other cast members included creative director Maxim Rapoport.
Both A. J. Cook and Paget Brewster were rehired by CBS to reprise their roles as Jennifer Jareau and Emily Prentiss.
The second series of Hollyoaks Later is a British television series which ran for one week starting 28 September 2009.
The tenth series will in fact follow in October 2015.
This was the only season recorded at Paramount Pictures after moving from Nickelodeon Studios, but before moving to Nickelodeon on Sunset.
Season two's episodes were shot in Calgary, Alberta over an 85-day period.
Q, in addition to his appearance in Picard's counterfactual vision, returns earlier in the season.
He placed third on the 11th season of The Bachelorette featuring Kaitlyn Bristowe.
The first season was released on DVD as a six-disc box set on September 5, 2006, by Warner Home Video in Region 1.
The first half of the season also saw Mimi Rogers and Chris Owens' characters—Diana Fowley and Jeffrey Spender, respectively—become recurring characters.
This is a list of episodes for the first season of Alice.
Glitter Force Doki Doki, known in Japan as DokiDoki!
This season filmed from July 2010 to March 2011.
On January 2, 2009 Viz Media and Crunchyroll began providing subtitled Naruto: Shippuden.
It premiered in Canada on April 12, 2009 on Teletoon and in the United States on May 9, 2009 on Cartoon Network.
The fifth season of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles aired in 1991.
The fourth and final season of Wilfred, premiered on FXX on June 25, 2014.
The season was produced by Michael Jacobs Productions and Touchstone Television with series creator Michael Jacobs as executive producer.
Bynes's popularity with the audience was huge.
The ninth season of the Canadian television comedy series Video on Trial premiered on MuchMusic on June 8, 2014.
It has broadcast 400 episodes since its debut on TLC in 1996 as Medical Detectives.
Canada's Worst Driver 7 is the seventh season of the Canada's Worst Driver series, which airs on Discovery Channel.
City Hunter 3 was broadcast for 13 episodes from October 15, 1989 to January 21, 1990.
Diagnosis: Murder's first season originally aired Fridays at 8:00-9:00 pm.
The second season was released on DVD in region 1 on November 6, 2001.
Total Divas is an American reality television series that premiered on July 28, 2013, on E!.
Gluck is notable for being the first child to be a series regular in Private Practice or in the original series Grey's Anatomy.
Being nominated every time she was eligible for nomination she beats Runner-Up of season 2 Virginia Dambeck with 1 more nomination compared Virginia's 6.
Meanwhile, Nathan is searching for new direction in his life and his desire to travel forces Julie and Dave to undertake some soul-searching of their own.
The third season consisted of 13 episodes.
This was the highest rating received since the sixth episode of the first season.
Set in current day Washington, D.C., season two deals with topics such as entitlement reform, Chinese cyberespionage, anthrax scares, Senate parliamentary procedure, and government shutdowns.
The seventh season of Dexter premiered on September 30, 2012.
This season was also the first to have two members of the same family as cast members.
The first season of The Bachelor premiered on 8 September 2013.
Character designs are done by Yū Wazu, based on the original character designs by Blood Lad's Yūki Kodama along with art direction by Fantasista Utamaro.
The first season of the television comedy series 30 Rock originally aired between October 11, 2006 and April 26, 2007 on NBC in the United States.
The sixteenth series of the British television drama series Grange Hill began broadcasting on 5 January 1993, before ending on 12 March 1993 on BBC One.
This article lists episodes from the tenth Series of this show, which was first broadcast in 2006.
The second season of Wizards of Waverly Place aired on Disney Channel from September 12, 2008 to August 21, 2009.
Aisha, a 15-year-old strong princess and the Fairy of Waves, joins the group of girls.
All twenty-one of the season's episodes are included in the volume.
The show is set in New Orleans which the Mikaelson family and original vampires helped to build.
According to Colby Donaldson's Twitter, George Reinas was invited to compete as well.
The series aired from October 9, 2014 to March 19, 2015 on Fuji TV's Noitamina block.
"The Hunger Strike" and "The Uncle Ruckus Reality Show" never aired in the U.S due to legal reasons.
This marks the first death of a contestant in the show's history.
The season began on October 1, 2012, with a special 30-minute season premiere, "Exit 9B".
On November 4, 2014, Lifetime cancelled Witches of East End due to low ratings in the second season.
The fourth season of the American television situation comedy Leave It to Beaver premiered on October 1, 1960 and concluded on June 24, 1961.
The second season of The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air premiered on September 9, 1991 and aired its season finale on May 4, 1992.
The second ending theme, "Dame Dame da" by Shiori Tomita, is used from episode 380 to 393.
The first compilation was released on July 25, 2007 with the thirteenth compilation released on July 25, 2008.
This series consisted of 212 episodes and concluded on 20 March 2008.
The series moved to Thursdays at 9:00 pm as a part of NBC's Comedy Night Done Right.
On 30 April 2014, The Bill Series 26 Part 1 & 2 DVD set was released in Australia.
Episodes 257 to 260 were released on September 5, 2012 under the title of "Special Volume: Two Fates".
Emmitt Smith was the celebrity winner from this season.
The fourth season of the American television series Bones premiered on September 3, 2008, with a two-hour episode and concluded on May 14, 2009, on Fox.
This is the seventh edition of Bad Girls Club to film in Los Angeles.
The first 25 episodes of their adaptation were aired on the Canadian channel YTV from October 25 to November 28, 1995.
A new format was introduced at panel this season.
However, all episodes in Series 2 had the same name in both the United Kingdom and the United States.
The debut producers of season 7, Strings duo and series regular producer Coca-Cola, continued their journey as producers in this season.
While Sutton goes in search of the truth, Emma takes over her life and discovers more secrets and lies than she could have imagined.
The first season of The Fine Brothers' web series, MyMusic premiered on April 15, 2012 and ended on January 6, 2013.
All episodes are named after songs by The Who.
Thanks to letters and petitions by fans, Cook was allowed to return for two episodes to wrap up her character's storyline.
The series had been renamed from "Design Star" for this new edition.
Other characters from previous MCU media also appear, as well as elements shared with the films and the television series Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
The hosts were Hape Kerkeling and Nazan Eckes, while Joachim Llambi, Michael Hull, Markus Schöffel, and Katharina Witt were the judges.
Filming began 10 June 2002, and continued into November 2002.
On August 29, 2016, it was confirmed that this would be the final season of the series.
Parker was the director and writer for all episodes in the fourteenth season.
The season contains 13 episodes and concluded airing on November 20, 2008.
The set contained commentaries from creators, writers, actors, and directors on some of the episodes, while also containing deleted scenes from all of the episodes.
The season premiere originally aired without commercial interruption, and has an extended running time of approximately 51 minutes, as opposed to the standard 43 minutes.
The second series of the British sitcom Absolutely Fabulous commenced broadcast on BBC One on 27 January 1994 and consisted of six episodes.
The 14th season of Taniec z Gwiazdami, the Polish edition of Dancing With the Stars, started on March 7, 2014.
The first ending theme, "By My Side" by Hemenway, is used from episodes 243 to 256.
This was the first series to include new cast members Fran and Olivia Newman-Young, Phoebe Lettice-Thompson and Alex Mytton.
The episodes have also been made available on home media.
The series has never been released on DVD.
Assistant District Attorney Ron Carver often attempts to obtain confessions from the suspects, rather than taking them to trial.
Two episodes, "Earshot" and "Graduation Day, Part Two", were delayed in the wake of the Columbine High School massacre because of their content.
The panel was composed of Jeanne Beker, Yasmin Warsame, and photographer Mike Ruiz, who was the only new addition.
Filming was done in the fall of 2003.
The series is produced by Chris Martin-Jones, and executive produced by Penny Win and Julie McGauran.
The region 1 DVD was released on February 21, 2006.
Pivotal characters such as the First Elder and the alien virus black oil were first introduced in this season.
The series is produced by Bad Robot Productions in association with Warner Bros. Television.
The plot centers around the enigmatic Hotel Cortez in Los Angeles, California, that catches the eye of an intrepid homicide detective.
The series was won by former rugby star Kyran Bracken, with Melanie Lambert as the professional winner.
It also focuses on staff members' romantic and family lives.
The sixth and final season of Private Practice premiered on September 25, 2012, with a limited run of thirteen episodes.
The third and final season of Jem aired between February 2, 1988 and May 2, 1988 as first-run syndication in the United States.
The third ending theme, "Kono Koe Karashite feat.
It was revealed that this would be a stand-alone series which would not be promoted as the eighth series.
On March 11, 2016, it was confirmed that the ten-episode fifth season would be the last.
The first opening theme, titled "Break Through" and performed by Going Under Ground, was used for the first sixteen episodes of the season.
Long-term cast member Dana Carvey decided to leave the show mid season.
The tenth series of Made in Chelsea, a British structured-reality television programme, began airing on 19 October 2015 on E4.
The season aired from February to July 2011.
The panel consists of the former model Jenny Balatsinou, fashion designer Christoforos Kontentos and noted photographer Charis Christopoulos.
The social media scoring system was still implemented this season.
The sole exception was "Noël chez les Passiflore", a holiday episode which premiered on a Saturday.
The first ending theme, used for the first 13 episodes, was "Watashitachi ni Naritakute" performed by Miwako Fujitani.
Tatiana Okupnik and Maciej Kurzajewski as the hosts, and the judges were: Dorota Rabczewska, Włodzimierz Szaranowicz, Maria Zuchowicz and Igor Kryszyłowicz.
The episodes are produced by Toei Animation, and are based on the final 26 volumes of the Dragon Ball manga series by Akira Toriyama.
On November 17, 2014, TV Land announced that this season would be the final season of Hot in Cleveland.
The fourth season concluded after 20 episodes on March 7, 2008 on Sci Fi.
Critical reaction to the first episodes was negative, with many reviewers not liking the characters and finding the comedy drama format unusual.
On 6 March show, as well as skating as normal, the contestants took part in the first ever team challenge.
The rest of the cast is made up of new recruits, including Lucy, played by Kerry Bishé, who is also the show's new narrator.
It covers shows hosted by Craig Kilborn.
All four previous seasons have aired on Prime.
The Show Ran From 1996 To 2011
Unlike the first 6 seasons the audience wasn't show before the intro.
Christian Camargo appears as Rudy Cooper and is a recurring character until the end of the season.
On 25 January 2011, it was announced that Series 3 would begin airing on 8 February 2011.
Critical reception to the season continued to be largely positive.
Within the seasons of the show are "volumes", which allow the writers to focus on shorter story arcs.
The series was picked up by Crunchyroll for online simulcast streaming in North America and other select parts of the world.
", used for the first six episodes, and "Baby It's You" by JUNE, used for the remainder of the episodes.
Arnalds composed the series' soundtrack, which won a BAFTA Craft award.
The third season of the HBO television series Boardwalk Empire premiered on September 16, 2012 and concluded on December 2, 2012, consisting of 12 episodes.
A spin-off of The Vampire Diaries, the series makes use of certain characters and story elements from the series of books of the same name.
The series was created by Terence Winter and based on the book Boardwalk Empire: The Birth, High Times and Corruption of Atlantic City by Nelson Johnson.
He formed an intense and troubled romantic relationship with the Enterprise's head of stellar cartography, Nella Daren.
Courtney Lapresi was the winner of this season.
It consisted of 18 episodes, each running approximately 22 minutes in length.
The show was on its third network, with the first season being broadcast on NBC, with the following second and third seasons being shown on ESPN.
On February 5, 2016, the show premiered in its new timeslot of Friday at 8:00 pm.
Harry Shearer joined the show as a featured cast member and was promoted to repertory status during the season.
Critical reception was mixed, with critics regarding the sameness of the program, and praising towards the characters and actors performance.
Season 7 features eight artists battling eight returning veterand each week in an elimination-style competition for a $100,000 prize and the title of Ink Master.
The first four episodes of the series were later issued on DVD in the United Kingdom, under the title Volume 4, on 15 March 2010.
The ending theme for the whole season is British progressive rock band Yes' 1972 single "Roundabout".
Topher Grace returned as Eric for the final episode, although his role was both brief and uncredited.
This season contains four musical themes: two openings and two endings.
The English dub of the season aired for Disney XD on July 30, 2011.
While its second ending theme, used from episodes 15 to 24, is "Overfly" sung by Luna Haruna.
Other cast members included Marcia Wallace, Pamela Hayden, Tress MacNeille, Russi Taylor and Karl Wiedergott.
The season was produced by ABC Studios, in association with ShondaLand Production Company and The Mark Gordon Company; the showrunner being Shonda Rhimes.
The first season of Profiler premiered on NBC in the United States on September 21, 1996, and aired the finale on May 10, 1997.
Several compilation DVDs that contained episodes from the season were released after the season finished airing.
The season premiered on September 24, 2005 and ran until January 16, 2006, broadcasting 13 episodes.
The second season of Two Guys, a Girl and a Pizza Place first aired on September 23, 1998 and finished on May 26, 1999.
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the crew of the Starfleet starship Enterprise-D.
Ted is also keen to find a greater purpose, mentoring a troubled twelve-year-old boy.
The cast however is now wearing red, unlike that of white in season 7 and 8.
Based on the original series masters with frame-by-frame restoration, and is uncut.
Almost every episode beforehand contained several hints.
Lu brings receptionist and her longtime friend Lana Hawkins and nurse/midwife Peter Riggs on board to help keep the practice running smoothly.
also served as a recurring guest star throughout the season as Brendon's father.
This is a list of episodes from the eighth and final season of Ironside.
Macdonald's final episode as Update anchor was on December 13, 1997.
The first English airing of the series was on Cartoon Network where Funimation Entertainment's dub of the series ran from October to November 2000.
Like the novel, the season follows the climatic battle at Kings Landing.
One graphic novel volume made The New York Times Best Seller list in early 2011.
Production of the season 4 began in June 2009, similar to seasons 1 through 3.
Faustão announced that his new co-hostess would be journalist Thalita Morette on December 2009.
The season aired from January to July 2013.
The 2013 season premiered on May 1, 2013, returning to its Wednesday time slot.
On November 30, 2014, actor Marcello Melo Jr. & Raquel Guarini won the competition over actress Paloma Bernardi and Patrick Carvalho.
Season two of How to Be Indie premiered on October 11, 2010 on YTV with the episode "How to Be Thankful".
The season concluded on 7 April 2014.
The fifth season of the stop-motion television series Robot Chicken originally aired in the United States on Cartoon Network's late night programming block, Adult Swim.
In addition, series cinematographer Robert McLachlan was nominated for two American Society of Cinematographers awards during the season.
The 4Kids episodes were made available on home media by Funimation.
The Anime Network later obtained the series for streaming.
Power Rangers Lost Galaxy comprises 45 episodes and concluded its initial airing on December 18, 1999.
as Foyle's War VII on 15, 22 and 29 September 2013, and on Netflix as of April 2014.
The new fantasy drama, Once Upon A Time took its old time slot.
The series was picked up by Crunchyroll for online simulcast streaming in North America and other select parts of the world.
The series follows the lives of the staff and pupils of the eponymous school, an inner-city London comprehensive school.
This is the first series to include new cast members Danni Park-Dempsey, Tom Pearce and Joan Collins, who is the mother of Gemma Collins.
Co-creators Brendon Small and Loren Bouchard, along with Tom Sydner, served as executive producers for the season.
A major blow for the show was the loss of Hartman.
The Simpsons' twenty-second season began airing on Fox on September 26, 2010 and ended on May 22, 2011.
Nickelodeon's animation president Brown Johnson talked about the show, quoting: "The Mighty B!
Guy Secretan and Dr. Martin Dear teetering over the edge of a cliff in a stolen ambulance after Guy has a nervous breakdown.
The first season aired on Mondays at 9:00 pm ET.
Amy Purdy and Derek Hough were the runners-up, and Candace Cameron Bure and Mark Ballas finished in third place.
This character first appears in the premiere episode "Twenty Klicks".
Following its premiere on 1 September 2012, the series aired weekly until 29 September 2012.
The 7th season of the American animated television series The Fairly OddParents aired on May 1, 2009 .
There is a total of 24 episodes.
Ellen Cleghorne, Melanie Hutsell, Tim Meadows, Adam Sandler, and David Spade were all promoted to repertory status.
On Family, the first block will follow the telenovela-soap opera format and air every weekday for two weeks.
The second season premiered on September 6, 2014.
Prime Minister Julia Gillard filmed a guest appearance.
The eighth season of the Syfy reality television series Face Off premiered on January 13, 2015.
These episodes were produced before Season 4 and aired in 1993 on the USA Cartoon Express.
A Christmas special aired on 30 December 2007.
The season used two pieces of theme music.
It was broadcast from March 7, 1992 to February 27, 1993 on TV Asahi.
The first season of Hawaii Five-O, an American television series, began September 20, 1968, and ended on March 19, 1969.
It has not been released in other regions.
The fourth season of the Pakistani music television series Coke Studio commenced airing on May 22, 2011 and ended on July 17, 2011.
The most notable change this season, however, was the addition of Brian Wilde as the new third-man of the trio, Foggy Dewhurst, an ex-military sign painter.
The first season of Jimmy Two-Shoes was composed of 26 episodes.
The Hybrid is alluded to with the appearance of many other hybrids such as Osgood and Ashildr, with both being dramatically revealed as being hybrids.
The series ran for a total of fifty episodes, as well as a recap special titled "Navigation ray=out", which recaps the first half of the series.
The fourth season of Charmed, an American supernatural drama television series, began airing on October 4, 2001 on The WB.
In this season, following Barb's arrest she is rescued by Christine, Matthew and new boyfriend Dave.
In the season opener, everyone is still in shock from the secrets Jordan just revealed.
The show was filmed in Rome, Italy.
The first season of the American television series Warehouse 13 premiered on July 7, 2009, and concluded on September 22, 2009, on Syfy.
The fifth season of Packed to the Rafters, an Australian drama television series premiered on 17 April 2012 on the Seven Network.
The first season of the television comedy series Mom aired between September 23, 2013, and April 14, 2014, on CBS in the United States.
The fourth season of Bad Girls Club premiered on December 1, 2009, on Oxygen.
Some notable hashtags were #G2BDanceWithMe for the November 26 telecast and #G2BUntilThen, the season ender episode which left the audience with a heartbreaking climax.
Underbelly was a critical and ratings success, being described as "Australia's best ever crime drama".
The 2006 season of the astronomy TV show Jack Horkheimer: Star Gazer starring Jack Horkheimer started on January 2, 2006.
The second season of 90210, an American television series, premiered in the U.S. on September 8, 2009 and ended on May 18, 2010.
The first season of the television series Hannah Montana was aired on Disney Channel from March 24, 2006 to March 30, 2007, and included 26 episodes.
The ponies share adventures and help out other residents of Ponyville, while working out the troublesome moments in their own friendships.
The Biggest Loser: Couples is the fifth season of the NBC reality television series The Biggest Loser.
The episodes use four pieces of theme music: two opening themes and two closing themes.
Lane Smith was a huge success, breathing life and humor into the Daily Planet editor-in-chief Perry White.
The season was released on DVD and Blu-ray in region 1 on September 8, 2015.
The first ten episodes of the season premiered in June 2015, with the second half of the season premiering on January 5, 2016.
Show creators Alfred Gough and Miles Millar also departed the series, allowing Kelly Souders, Brian Peterson, Todd Slavkin and Darren Swimmer to continue as executive producers.
Michael Faustino, makes the first of five guest appearances during the course of the series.
The season premiered on October 16, 2009 and ended with the series finale on April 14, 2010.
The grand prize for the ninth season is a VIP trip from Kryolan to one of their 85 locations, a 2015 Fiat 500, and $100,000.
The anime was licensed by Sentai Filmworks for distribution in North America.
"Bad Jubies" won an Annie Award for Best Animated Television/Broadcast Production for Children.
The opening theme is "Kokoro no Chizu" by BOYSTYLE.
On January 23, 2014, Syfy announced that the series' broadcast was returning to 10 p.m..
After "The Jerkinators", The Fairly OddParents and Jimmy Neutron seem to end, but later in 2006, they aired episodes that chronologically come before the season finale.
Eddie Milkis had quit prior to casting, with Berman taking over from him.
The series began to air on television on October 12, 2013.
It aired on ProSieben from February to May 2016.
During the season, The Jay Leno Show in primetime was cancelled and Leno returned to the 11:35 pm Tonight Show because of affiliate dissatisfaction.
The nineteenth series of the British television drama series Grange Hill began broadcasting on 23 January 1996, before ending on 28 March 1996 on BBC One.
The first season of Strong Medicine debuted on Lifetime July 23, 2000 and concluded March 11, 2001 after 22 episodes.
This series had a shorter run that usual due to filming being postponed after the night of the assault.
The HLN channel broadcasts new episodes once a week.
Nicknamed the "Psychopath Whisperer", she claims to have structured the code for him alongside Harry.
The season four DVD/Blu-ray was released on October 30, 2012 through Adult Swim/Warner Home Video.
A DVD of the season was released on July 21, 2009.
The second season of the television series HaShminiya was originally broadcast on Arutz HaYeladim in Israel.
The eighth series of The Bill, a British television drama, consisted of 105 episodes, broadcast between 2 January – 31 December 1992.
The purpose of this guide is to organize the episodes of 'Season 2' which was originally aired in 2004.
commenced airing in the United States on September 8, 2005, concluded on May 18, 2006, and consisted of 25 episodes.
This is the first season to not feature Nina Dobrev as Elena Gilbert following her departure from the series after the season six finale.
Helen discovers Nikki is innocent of contacting Fenner wife, as Shell originally had Fenner believing it was Nikki.
Shredder and Krang return for three episodes, and the Technodrome is still in Dimension X.
The season concluded on May 16, 2011 with 1.36 million live viewers tuning in.
The series was commissioned paritlally due to the shortage of series caused by the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike.
Offspring is the story of the impossible loves of 30-something obstetrician Nina Proudman, and her fabulously messy family, as they navigate the chaos of modern life.
Exes for this series included stars of Geordie Shore Charlotte Crosby and Gary Beadle.
After concluding in 2012, it was succeeded by Charmed: Season 10 which debuted on October 8, 2014 and ended on September 14, 2016.
Airing on Thursdays at 9:00 pm, the season consisted of 22 episodes and concluded its airing on May 17, 2001.
It also received an Emmy Award nomination in the Sound Editing for a Series category.
The eighth season of Law & Order: Criminal Intent premiered on the USA Network in the United States on April 19, 2009.
The pilot was watched by 10.94 million viewers, while the finale was watched by 8.64 million viewers.
The format has been licensed in 40 countries from all around the world.
Eight celebrities were paired with eight professional ballroom dancers.
For this season, Duchovny elected to return only as an intermittent main character, appearing in only half of the episodes.
In the United States, it was broadcast on The N, a digital cable network aimed at teenagers and young adults.
The second season of Cougar Town, an American television series, began airing on September 22, 2010 and concluded on May 25, 2011.
The fifth season of Hawaii Five-O premiered on September 12, 1972 and ended March 13, 1973.
Developed for television by Frank Darabont, the series is based on the eponymous series of comic books by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore, and Charlie Adlard.
The show is based on the United Kingdom BBC Television series Strictly Come Dancing and is part of BBC Worldwide's Dancing with the Stars franchise.
Season two maintained the Tuesdays at 9:00 pm ET timeslot from the previous season.
Season one had former contestants from The Block on the Nine Network against former contestants from House Rules on the Seven Network.
The cycle featured 16 contestants competing for several prizes, including a modeling contract and an editorial in Vogue China.
This series was filmed in Newcastle upon Tyne with the cast visiting various locations around Europe, including Amsterdam, Barcelona, Prague and Tignes.
The sixth series of The Only Way Is Essex, a British semi-reality television programme, began airing on 22 July 2012 on ITV2.
The show premiered in Teletoon at 6:30 pm ET/PT on January 11, 2009.
The eighth season of the American television series Bones premiered on September 17, 2012, and concluded on April 29, 2013, on Fox.
The winner of the first and most successful season was Myriam Montemayor Cruz in December 2002.
The fifth season of the American television spy drama Burn Notice premiered on June 23, 2011 on the cable television channel USA Network.
Aqua Something You Know Whatever is the alternative title given to the ninth season of the animated television series Aqua Teen Hunger Force.
The eighth season of Frasier originally aired from October 24, 2000 to May 22, 2001 on NBC.
This season has been released in a DVD box set by Shout!
While Bea was suffering in the slot, Franky Doyle rose to the position of top dog unopposed.
The season was watched by 669,000 viewers in Canada and became the most-watched domestic drama series, while in the US it averaged 250,000 viewers an episode.
The series was filmed at Pinewood Studios in London, in front of a live audience.
The buyers were Caprice Willard for Macy's, Terron Schaefer for Saks Fifth Avenue, and Nicole M. Christie for H&M.
The fifth series of Warsaw Shore, a Polish television programme based in Warsaw, Poland was announced on 13 November 2015.
The first season is also available on the iTunes Store and has been made available for on demand streaming on Netflix.
During the 2007 Otakon, Bandai Entertainment announced its acquisition of Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion for a North American release.
This was not the first time a major late-night US talk show has experienced an interregnum period.
The first season of the NBC American supernatural drama series Grimm premiered on October 28, 2011, and concluded on May 18, 2012.
This series follows the lives of sixth form students Tony Stonem, Michelle Richardson, Sid Jenkins, Cassie Ainsworth, Chris Miles, Jal Fazer, Maxxie Oliver and Anwar Kharral.
On the premiere of season 24, a star with her name on it was placed on the dance floor in her honor.
The episodes are also available through digital retailers such as Apple's iTunes Store, Microsoft's Xbox Live Marketplace, and Amazon.com's on-demand TV service.
Production for the season began on May 19, 2009 at Epitome Pictures' studios in Toronto, Ontario.
Broadcast in the Sunday night time slot at 9.00 ET, the season aired twenty-four regular episodes, including a two-part season finale.
The third opening is "Mysterious Magic", performed by Do as Infinity, while the third ending, "Kimi no Mirai", is performed by Root Five.
According to Lost's co-creator/executive producer/writer/show runner Damon Lindelof, the season "is about why [the people who have left the island] need to get back".
As with the previous "season," this season consisted only of irregularly scheduled special broadcasts.
Strictly Come Dancing returned for its third series on 15 October 2005 and ended on 17 December 2005.
The show also won the Best Drama award at the 2015 Inside Soap Awards.
The show began to air on September 19, 2013.
The second season of Hawthorne, premiered on TNT on June 22, 2010.
It aired from October 7, 2008 until November 25, 2008, and was primarily filmed in Atlanta, Georgia.
Following the cancellation, fans of the show conducted protests and raised funds to pay for a fifth season, however their efforts were unsuccessful.
Robert Naylor replaced Jason Szwimmer as the voice of D.W.
The fourth season of the television comedy series Arrested Development premiered on Netflix on May 26, 2013 and consists of 15 episodes.
