The Beatles had a contract with Kaiserkeller to play there in 1960.
The Firminy-Vert Stadium is a sport field located at Firminy in the Loire in France.
The venue is also equipped with an electronic scoreboard and a floodlight system with a density of 1400 lux.
This was because that side is constrained by a terrace and the Glebe Park hedge, which runs past more than half of the pitch.
In 1961, new stands were built and the capacity of the stadium became 28,000 on wooden benches, while the old stands were moved to Câmpia Turzii.
The Forum was also the home of the WNBA's Los Angeles Sparks from 1997 to their 2001 move to Staples Center.
Kings Place is a building in London’s Kings Cross area, providing music and visual arts venues combined with seven floors of office space.
The facility sits on the campus of the University of North Dakota and is used for the university's basketball and volleyball teams.
Currently, the total area of the facilities is 14,760 m².
The current stadium holds 5,000 people, and opened for baseball in 1995.
The popular AFC Leopards football club plays most of its home games at Nyayo stadium.
Each year's season runs from September through to New Years Day, plus occasional one off dates such as Bank Holiday weekends.
Nam Kee is seen as an Amsterdam icon by The New York Times.
It is housed in a building on the Boulevard Stefan the Great, one of the main roads in Chişinău, the capital of Moldova.
Göransson Arena is an indoor arena in Sandviken, Sweden.
Currently the stadium is the home for Soshanguve Sunshine F.C., playing in the North West Province of Vodacom League.
Boško Buha Theatre is the theater in Belgrade, Serbia.
Gateshead Football Club is a professional football club based in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear, England.
The first, in the park's inaugural season, was the 1912 World Series and the most recent was the 2013 World Series.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
Pacific Theatres's Cinerama Dome is a movie theater located at 6360 Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood, California.
Crowds of approximately 3,000 made an appearance at these fixtures.
The Oval is a multi-use stadium in Caernarfon, Wales.
The seating in both venues can be dismantled to create open spaces for events.
Canterbury Olympic Ice Rink is an ice sports and public ice skating centre, located in the Sydney suburb of Canterbury, New South Wales.
Hobey Baker Memorial Rink is a 2,092-seat hockey arena in Princeton, New Jersey.
Petr Lébl was one of the most talented young directors with distinctive imagination who provoked with his interpretations of classics.
The $2 million theater opened in the Keith Building on November 6, 1922, seating 3,100.
Lisebergshallen is a multi-purpose venue in Gothenburg, Sweden.
The Gigantium, in Aalborg, Denmark, is a large, rentable faire building, which hosts a large variety of concerts, markets and exhibitions, among other things.
It remained that way until the 1960s, during which the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi used it as his Los Angeles center for Transcendental Meditation.
The field was located near Uji i Ftohtë, which is where the club's training ground is located.
It has a maximum capacity of 8,000 people.
Stade de la Licorne is a multi-use stadium in Amiens, France.
French Field is also used for community organizations like Kent Youth Soccer Association.
By this time, the University of Richmond was looking for an arena to host its basketball program.
Kraljevo City Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Kraljevo, Serbia.
This can be attributed to the fact that during UNI basketball games, it can become notoriously noisy, especially in the rowdy student section.
Joel Wiens Stadium is a sport stadium in Hillsboro, Kansas, United States.
It is the home stadium of Futsal Super League teams Shahid Mansouri.
Since the shop opened in 1951, more than 30,000 people have slept in the beds found tucked between bookshelves.
Nadderud stadion is a multi-purpose stadium at Nadderud near Bekkestua, in Bærum, Norway.
Jiangyin Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Jiangyin, China.
The greater hall is a caravanserai-stylized venue, capable of accommodating about 2,000 visitors.
Cinema 21 is a movie theater in the Northwest District of Portland, Oregon, United States.
When it opened, the facility held over 5,000 people.
The main theatre was closed for building works in 2015.
The Complex is a 5,350 seat, 105,600 square feet, multi-purpose arena in Valdosta, Georgia, USA.
The stadium has an all-seated capacity of 7,500 people.
Stade de l'UQTR is a multi-purpose stadium located on the Université du Québec à Trois-Rivières campus.
Inversely, the Tiger-Cats began their 2014 season at Ron Joyce Stadium after Tim Hortons Field fell behind schedule in construction.
Wilding Park, now branded as Trustpower Tennis Centre @ Wilding Park, is a tennis facility located in Christchurch, New Zealand.
The restaurant is managed by Tim Wilson.
In 1997, Nederlander Concerts assumed management of Bogart's.
2008 saw the rink undertake several improvements, such as new barriers and plexi glass, bench doors for hockey players and a new Zamboni.
The Barclaycard Arena is an indoor sporting and entertainment venue in Birmingham, United Kingdom.
It is the largest indoor facility in Negros Island Region.
Authentic Jewish Sunday Brunch all you can eat buffet accompanied by live klezmer or Yiddish music.
Today, under its roof, there are three artistic ensembles - Opera, Drama and Ballet.
Deertrees Theatre is a performing arts center located in Harrison, Maine, United States.
It is mostly used as a training ground for Orlando Pirates and the Golden Lions.
The building itself consists of many different parts.
Arena Jaraguá is an indoor sporting arena located in Jaraguá do Sul, Brazil.
The 8,700-seat sports arena is located at the corner of 183A and New Hope Road in Cedar Park, Texas.
Located in Elche and covering an area of 100,000 m², it is used for youth and senior teams trainings.
Sidney Bechet and Bill Coleman were American expatriates in France who are also associated with the club.
Paralimni Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Paralimni, Cyprus.
It came to be known as Sunlight Park after the Lever Brothers' Sunlight Soap Works was built south of Eastern Avenue.
The Old Citadel is a 1925 brick building in Downtown Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, one block south of Jasper Avenue, the city's main street.
The theatre was designated as a Boston Landmark by the Boston Landmarks Commission in 1990.
The arena is the playing ground for the Toshiba Brave Thunders Kanagawa.
The show opened on September 17th and closed on March 8th 2016.
This Stadium is the home ground for Al Qadsia Kuwait.
It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Yaracuyanos FC of the Venezuelan Primera División.
It also served as a venue for the 2012 IIHF Women's World Championship along with Gutterson Fieldhouse.
MFF Football Centre is a stadium in the independent municipality of Ulaanbaatar within Mongolia.
It presents a varied programme including dance, film, music, drama, children's events, comedy and an annual pantomime.
A specialised section is Astra, the first altitude-simulated training facility in South India, which enables high altitude acclimatisation.
The Bambino Cinema, is located in Saddar area of Karachi.
Roseneath Theatre works with talent from the Canadian Actor’s Equity Association.
It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball.
It is unusual in that it features three tiers of reserved seating, with no general admission seating area.
The Robins Center saw a number of upgrades in the 2000s, including a new maple floor in 2003 and renovated locker rooms and offices in 2004.
However, Amiga failed to make a promised down payment, and lost the naming rights as of August 2007.
WWE taped its annual Tribute to the Troops show at the venue on December 11, 2011.
During the 1980s, Scarborough Borough Council took over the property and leased the theatre to Apollo Leisure Ltd, who ran it until September 2002.
70,000 people attended the first derby between Simba and Young Africans at the stadium in 2008.
It is also used for many other events such as Fares and Model Shows such as the Fairground model show.
The Space is an arts space in the Isle of Dogs, London.
The park is bordered by the Johnstown Urban Greenway, and stretches to the Johns Street Bridge.
City theater produces and presents a wide variety of attractions from concerts, comedy shows theatrical performances and corporate events.
It was built in 1963 and was home to the Florida A&M University Rattlers basketball team until 2008.
It was built in 1957 and holds 2,700 people.
A McDonald's restaurant occupies the street-front area of the theatre.
The stadium holds 17,875 and was named after Italy legend and former player Silvio Piola.
Estadio Juan Ramón Brevé Vargas is a football stadium in Juticalpa, Honduras.
Valby Idrætspark has hosted a total of nine Danish FA-recognized internationals.
Opened in 2010, it houses a dance school, a theater and an art gallery.
It is used mostly for football and it is commonly referred to as simply 'la Cartuja'.
Tate '42, who were both pilots killed in combat in World War II.
L.P. Frans Stadium is a stadium in Hickory, North Carolina.
Originally built in 1887, it was rebuilt in 1900 by the renowned theatre architech Frank Matcham after an extensive fire.
It will mainly be used for basketball, becoming the new home of the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association.
The apron stage and first seven rows of seats were on a revolving platform to turn the interior into an arena theatre.
The Yakima Valley SunDome constituted the second Dome in the world to use a concrete sectional roof design, the first being Seattle's Kingdome.
The stadium has a capacity of 5,000 spectators.
During the 2010 FIFA World Cup, it was also used as a training venue by the Dutch national football team.
It is the last of New Jersey's legendary punk venues, outliving the Dirt Club, the Pipeline in Newark, and Asbury Park's Fast Lane.
The current theater was built in 1993.
Currently it is home to the River City Raiders of Arena Pro Football and the St. Louis Ambush of the Major Arena Soccer League.
Maria Callas gave concerts in 1959 and 1962.
Celebrity Theatre is a theater in the round located in Phoenix, Arizona.
The two modern cinema screens show everything from micro-budget independent films to the latest Hollywood blockbusters, and there are often festivals and events.
Estadio Marcelo Tinoco is a multi-use stadium in Danlí, Honduras.
The Mirpur Stadium has hosted eight first-class matches, it has also hosted several Under-19 international matches against Australia in 2007.
The club serves as the namesake of Joan Baez's Bowery Songs album, recorded live at a concert at the Bowery Ballroom on November 6, 2004.
The stadium is named after Aldo Drosina, a noted football player and coach from Pula.
The LSU Tigers American football team, baseball, softball, basketball, track & field and volleyball team are the varsity teams with more followers.
The Greater London Council ceded control of the building to the Camden London Borough Council in 1983.
The new name will be official when it reopens as the new facility.
Kalutara Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Kalutara, Sri Lanka.
London Road, currently known as the ABAX Stadium for sponsorship reasons, is a multi-purpose stadium in Peterborough, England.
In this period, it featured opera-bouffes adapted from the French.
Tin Shui Wai Sports Ground is a multi-use sports ground at 2 Tin Shui Road, Tin Shui Wai, Yuen Long, Hong Kong.
Påskbergsvallen is a football stadium in Varberg, Sweden and the home stadium for the football team Varbergs BoIS FC.
Bala Town use Rhyl's Belle Vue stadium for European matches due to UEFA stadium regulations.
In May, 2015, after Zisis Vryzas' request, more upgrades took place in the area.
It is the oldest minor-league park in regular use.
The building was listed on the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage in 1981.
Since then, it has hosted many other "big-name" concerts.
The main auditorium in the building has 2.164 and can host theatre, ballet, concerts, and opera.
The facility consists of 45 cardio machines, four gymnasiums and 25-metre swimming pool among other amenities.
Since 2007, the stadium is served with a nearby football training ground which has an artificial turf with 816 seats.
Schmidt Field House is an on-campus arena at Xavier University in Cincinnati, Ohio.
The stadium was built for Universiti Teknologi MARA and the UiTM FC team.
It is currently home of Negeri Sembilan Football association.
The Kraków Philharmonic Concert Hall was designed by architect Józef Pokutynski, with neo-baroque elements inspired by the Brussels' Maison du Peuple.
The main tenant of the stadium will be FC Dinamo Batumi, who will move from their current home at the Chele Arena when it is completed.
Pohang Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Pohang, South Korea.
The arena is owned by the municipality of Haifa, and managed by Athos Ltd. - a company also fully owned by the municipality.
The Kobe City Misaki Park Stadium, also known as The Noevir Stadium Kobe, is a football stadium in Misaki Park, Hyogo-ku, Kobe, Japan.
Alex Kapranos took over the running of the club.
A few rounds of the Men's Volleyball World League were played in the arena in 2008.
Shallvare was a football stadium in Tiranë, Albania.
Oasis's debut London performance took place here on 27 January 1994.
The playing surface was changed to FieldTurf in 2014, after 84 seasons on natural grass.
In 1967, the original tent was replaced with a 3,300 Theatre in the round that used a building from the 1964 New York World's Fair.
May 17th Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium located in Banjarmasin, Indonesia.
It is currently home to the high school football teams of the Brazosport Independent School District, and seats 10,478.
The NJCAA Division I Women's Basketball Championship is being held at the arena from 2016 to 2018.
In 1992, the club moved to a 280-seat space in Times Square.
In 2014, its capacity was expanded from 1,700 seats to 2,500 seats with the aim to host Eurocup Basketball games.
Caniglia Field seats 3,097 fans and features 1,390 chairback seats and VIP boxes.
The football field had an unconventional east-west alignment at an elevation of approximately 1,050 feet above sea level.
in women's allround in 1955 and 2002
The arena is approximately 2½ miles from the school's campus in Waltham, and lies on the banks of the Charles River.
For the Class of 2012 Admissions Cycle, the acceptance rate dropped to 35.9%, making it F&M's most selective class yet while increasing the admissions profile.
Joe Nathan Field is a baseball field on the campus of Stony Brook University in Stony Brook, New York, United States.
The Foster Park Bowl is an outdoor amphitheatre located between Ojai and Ventura, California.
The ground is used by Hibernians for their everyday training sessions.
It is also used for circus events and Bugs Bunny on Ice in August 2006.
Olympic Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Canada, located at Olympic Park in the Hochelaga-Maisonneuve district of Montreal.
MCGI is also known in the Philippines as Ang Dating Daan or "ADD", the title of its flagship radio and television program.
Founded in 1979 in the abandoned Public School 122 building at 150 First Avenue at East 9th Street in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan, P.S.
Municipal Limeño, a first division soccer team with a capacity of 5,000.
Each year, the venue hosts the Queensland Poetry Festival.
Dundalk Ice Dome was the first permanent ice arena in Ireland, located in Dundalk Retail Park, Dundalk, County Louth, Republic of Ireland.
The venue closed in 1955 and the building was demolished to make way for an extension to Fanum House.
It was opened on 2 April 1988.
It is named for Robert H. Dietz, a Medal of Honor recipient killed in World War II.
The Auditorium was most recently used to house Massachusetts State Trial Court records and a small after-school program.
The premises of the theatre covers over 700 m2, its great hall covering 400 m2.
Then, the existing roof of the main stand will be removed and replaced by a new roof covering the extended main stand.
The stadium is built in on a 400,000-square-meter site on the Qian Tang river front opposite the city’s new Central Business District.
It has been open since April 1991.
The gymnasium included a basketball court and seating, a second-floor running track, squash and handball courts, a wrestling room, a boxing room, and a fencing room.
In 2004 upon insistence from parents and coaches, the varsity soccer teams were allowed to play at the stadium.
It has also hosted international events, such as the FIBA Asia Champions Cup.
The Royal Court Theatre is a non-commercial theatre on Sloane Square, in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, London, England.
It was completed in 1987 with 9,000 seats, and named for L. B.
It is currently run by The Print Room, who have returned it to its original use as a theatre.
Opened in 2003, it is home to wrestling and basketball branches of the Aliağa Youth and Sports Club.
The theatre survived and was taken over by ID Productions, using it as a base for its touring shows.
The Petit-Bois Stadium is a football stadium located at Charleville Mezieres in the region Champagne-Ardenne in France.
Whitehall Stadium is an Irish football ground located in the north Dublin suburb of Whitehall, bordering Drumcondra.
It is located on the university's campus in Jacksonville, Florida, U.S.
The Lithuanian Hall, also known as Lith Hall, is the home of the Lithuanian Hall Association.
Currently run by Zach Whitney of Brothers.
Reopening in June 1946, it never regained its old form, and closed for good in May 1947.
In 1931, The Redford Theatre's facility became more famous when its four furnaces were converted to oil fuel by Mobil Oil.
Energomash Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Belgorod, Russia.
The resident orchestra is the Royal Seville Symphony Orchestra.
The Bon Rencontre stadium is the second stadium of Toulon behind the Mayol Stadium.
A Second Now In Manchester was released on CD on Vertigo Records in 1990
It has presented a mix of off-beat and mainstream shows, including an all-female version of Hamlet, modernistic interpretation of opera classics and new musicals and dramas.
The Columbia Theatre for the Performing Arts is a historic theatre located in downtown Hammond, Louisiana.
ESPN The Magazine named Allen Fieldhouse the loudest college basketball arena in the country.
It is a stadium with four concrete stands around the 8-lane athletic track and the grass field.
The ground's current capacity is 27,244, the most recent works being the addition of approximately 1,000 seats in the summer of 2010.
Coulter Field is a multi-purpose stadium at the Bishop's University in Lennoxville, Quebec.
The Pierre Quinon Metropolitan stadium is an indoor arena located in Nantes in France, in the Nantes Nord district.
It has also been named a "State Heritage Icon", and is believed to be the only remaining working Edwardian theatre in Australia.
It is used mostly for football matches and hosts the home games of FUS de Rabat of the GNF 1.
The arena is named after the company Švyturys, which bought the rights for the name.
Church, LHS class of 1943, was the longtime head coach of the high school and Legion baseball programs.
There is also room for bowling and table tennis plus it has been used for concerts.
The venue seats 5,000 people and hosts many musical artists and shows.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
Polonia Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Bydgoszcz, Poland.
That year a real estate developer invested funds in renovations.
Notable MLB players who were on this team include, Joe Antolick, George Hennessey and Tony Parisse.
On November 15, 2007, the arena hosted the Democratic Presidential Debate for the 2008 presidential election.
The approximate capacity of the stadium is 8,000 places, including around 5,000 seats.
Occupying an area of 70,000 m², it was designed by architect Izaskun Larzábal.
The Byre Theatre is a theatre in St Andrews, Fife, Scotland.
The inauguration guests include President Wilson, in France to negotiate the Treaty of Versailles.
Duran Duran's drummer Roger Taylor played at Barbarella's with punk bands in the 1970s.
The Wildermuth Intramural Center is an on-campus gymnasium used for intramural sports at Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana.
Metallica performed at the stadium during their Nowhere Else to Roam Tour on May 20, 1993, with The Cult & Suicidal Tendencies as their opening act.
The Harry Gladstein Fieldhouse, also known as the New Fieldhouse, is an indoor track and field complex on the campus of Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana.
The football team Al-Arabi SC play there.
The annual Emissions from the Monolith festival relocated to Emo's in 2007.
It is one of the largest college athletic facilities in the country.
It was designed by the Chicago architectural firm of Rapp and Rapp in the French Renaissance style, and originally housed live two-a-day vaudeville shows.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
Previously named for Dick Romney, Utah State's all-time most successful football coach and former athletics director, Maverik Stadium was officially dedicated on September 27, 1969.
SEG Geneva Arena is an indoor arena in Geneva, Switzerland.
The Portage Theater's interior features a megaphone-shaped auditorium based on a formal Beaux-Arts opera house design.
Barrie Uptown Theater is a movie theatre in downtown Barrie, Ontario, Canada.
It is used for football matches and it serves as the home of Tollygunge Agragami of the Calcutta Football League.
There are also entertainment and sports facilities within the park: an open-air theater, a restaurant, tennis courts and the Gymkhana Cricket Ground.
It is used mostly for football and serves as the home stadium of Telephonat Bani Sweif.
The Laugh Factory is a chain of comedy clubs in the United States.
The cinema has been described as "less creepy than most of its kind" and "out of place" along the newly developed Southeast Division Street.
The stadium is owned by the city of Čakovec and primarily used for football matches and various athletics events.
Other clubs playing at the stadium but not based includes Academica da Preguiça, Belo Horizonte of Juncalinho and Talho of the neighboring community.
The theatre is currently operated by UApresents, the University of Arizona's professional performing arts presenter.
Estadio Florencio Sola is a multi-use stadium in Banfield, Argentina.
It also hosts the annual Golden Spike Ostrava athletic event.
The club then moved to the Ricoh Arena, at Foleshill in the north of the city.
It is home to Dubuque Youth Hockey, the Dubuque Devils, Dubuque She-Devils, Mystique Maulers and the University of Wisconsin-Platteville Hockey Team.
Located in west of Azadi Sport Complex and operated by Iranian Football Federation, the camp is mostly used by Iran national football team.
The Houston Rockets of the National Basketball Association used the arena as their first home in Houston, from 1971 to 1975.
It was the home ground of the FC Dinamo Tbilisi until the current Boris Paichadze Stadium opened in 1976.
The center contains 250 conference rooms, an athletic facility, and 917 guest rooms.
Estadio Country Club is a soccer-specific stadium located in the sector of Country Club in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Brian Gray is currently Managing Director of the corporation.
A variety of productions are held throughout the year such as drama, ballet, opera and pantomime.
The ice rink features a 60m x 30m ice sheet, and a large grandstand for spectators at major events and ice hockey games.
The basement also holds one of the three University Shops.
Bhumi Phala Stadium is a football stadium in the town of Temanggung, Indonesia.
It was built to be the flagship of Oscar Deutsch's Odeon Cinema Circuit and still holds that position today.
The space later held a private club NA opened by actor Chris Noth and his business partner Noel Ashman [1].
It is the first nationally managed theater in Asia.
It would have been home to the Nashville Sounds, a Triple-A baseball team of the Pacific Coast League, replacing Herschel Greer Stadium.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and hosts the home matches of Sariwon United.
Part of the stadium was shipped to Barcelona and used during the 1992 Summer Olympics.
In 1975 Skienshallen hosted the European Gymnastics Championships, where Nadia Comăneci had her international breakthrough.
The new theatre is named after the writer Giovanni Verga.
The building was designed by Mark Cavagnero Associates, and cost $64 million to complete.
The arena was built in the former location of Rizal's provincial capitol.
It was re-opened as the Metropolitan Performing Arts Center and was used for concerts, lectures, and movies.
2016 - Playing surface replaced after a flood due to a broken water main
It was designed by architects Warrington and Page for George and Ellen Cook, who presented both vaudeville shows and motion pictures there.
The stadium's small capacity was expanded from 5,000 to 10,000 as a lasting legacy of the World Cup.
On the opening night everyone who came along was given a kazoo.
It was the home ground of Venus Bucharest.
City of Palms Park and Terry Park Ballfield in East Fort Myers are currently not in use.
KOKO is a concert venue and former theatre in Camden Town, London.
The stadium site houses a casino, movie theater, school, supermarket, and a fitness centre.
Its southern boundary is located approximately  1⁄4 mile north of NE 44th ST.
Stade Municipal Ndoumbe Oumar is a multi-use stadium in Ngaoundéré, Cameroon.
This move made the soccer field of the right proportions, and had an area of approximately 115 yards by seventy yards.
It is located in Toronto, Ontario on the southwest corner of Lennox and Bathurst just south of Honest Ed's.
Both are located next to Central Piedmont Community College.
St Colman's Park is a football stadium in Cobh, County Cork.
It was replaced by Stadio Euganeo in 1994.
It was acquired by Cineplex Entertainment in 2013 after the Festival chain ceased operations.
The structure was restored in the 1970s and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Waco Stadium was renamed Municipal Stadium in 1942.
Farul Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Constanţa, Romania.
The stadium has a capacity of 15,000 spectators.
Founded by members of the punk rock band All in 1994, it is owned and operated by musician Bill Stevenson and Jason Livermore.
It officially opened on October 4, 1997.
All three levels of the theatre are now open.
The stadium has a capacity of 10,000 people.
It is the home ground of KS Ada Velipojë.
Its renovation cost approximately $1,720,000, which helped boost its official spectator capacity to 42,056.
It is currently used mostly for football matches, and is the home ground of Bryne F.K..
The Turkey national handball team plays their home matches in the 2014 European Men's Handball Championship Qualification - Phase 2 at the THF Sport Hall.
The Crofoot is a mixed-use independent entertainment complex made up of 3 venues in one building in Pontiac, Michigan.
The Deaf Club was a notable music venue located on Valencia Street in San Francisco which remained open for an 18-month period.
In February 2014 a Civil War era flag was discovered in the basement of the facility.
Demolition for the arena is scheduled for late 2017
During performances, QR codes are shown to enable the outside audience to scan them and obtain more information about the work in question.
It is the home of Azad Jammu & Kashmir cricket team.
Auditori Enric Granados is the main concert hall in Lleida also hosting the city's music conservatory.
Ala'ab Damanhour Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Damanhour, Egypt.
and has also hosted Manchester City Reserves, Manchester United F.C.
The King's Head Theatre, founded in 1970 by Dan Crawford, is an off-West End venue in London.
The Theatre Royal attracts major touring dramas, opera, ballet, West End musicals and an annual pantomime.
The last students moved out of Stadium Hall in November 1961.
It is home to the St. John's IceCaps of the American Hockey League.
The current artistic director & executive producer is Mike Isaacson.
The stadium holds 5,000 people  It is named after Bashkim Sulejmani, a hero of the city.
The Milli Piyango Curling Arena, is an indoor curling rink in Erzurum, Turkey.
It counted among its guests the Kennedy and Roosevelt families, and the Duke and Duchess of Windsor.
It was designed by engineer Franco Levi and architects Annibale and Giorgio Rigotti.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Zalaegerszegi TE.
It is the home arena of the basketball team the Mets de Guaynabo.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of A.C. Legnano.
The construction of the college was jointly funded by Manchester City F.C.
The capacity of the stadium is 11,000 spectators.
Stade 24 Novembre, formerly known as Stade Reine Astrid and today Stade Cardinal Malula, is a stadium located in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo.
It is the home ground of the SC 1880 Frankfurt and also frequently used for international games of the Germany national rugby union team.
Architects Ralph F. Shreive along with Verner, Wilheim, and Molby designed the 1,581-seat Redford in Exotic Revival style with Japanese motifs.
Sirte Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Sirte, Libya.
Stade Municipal du Ray is a football stadium in Nice, France.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
In the 1991 season, it hosted the 11 home matches for Fyllingen in the Norwegian Premier League.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Al Salmiya Club.
There are also sporting facilities for soccer, cricket, and basketball.
Now in its 45th season, the Center presents music, dance and theater and supports artists in the creation of new work.
The Beacon Theatre is a historic theater at 2124 Broadway on Broadway in Upper West Side, Manhattan, New York City.
The stadium has a 10,000 capacity, and is the home ground of Hapoel Ashkelon.
The theatre became a bingo hall in 1966.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of FC Vostok.
The original design was augmented by this 1956 redesign/renovation by Francisco Porrata-Doría.
Adelaide's first exposure to professional tennis involved the French dual Wimbledon champion Henri Cochet in contests against local professionals in 1935.
Its formal name means Pinheiro Multi-Modality Center and honors the Pine tree, which is a common tree in the state.
U.S. Bank Stadium is a fixed-roof stadium in the north central United States, located in the Downtown East section of Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The current building was opened in 2001 by Sir Sean Connery.
The Barclaycard Arena is located alongside the Birmingham Canal Navigations Main Line's Old Turn Junction and opposite the National Sea Life Centre in Brindleyplace.
The arena opened in 1974 and was renovated following Almtuna IS's promotion to the second-tier league Allsvenskan, prior to the 2001–02 season.
Taastrup Teater is a theatre in Taastrup in the western suburbs of Copenhagen, Denmark.
The Saint is a music venue located in Asbury Park, New Jersey.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Mil-Muğan.
From the 1930s through the 1960s, before redevelopment, this location was considered the heart of the San Francisco Fillmore District.
The Camp des Loges, also known as the Ooredoo Training Centre for sponsorship reasons, is a sports complex located in Saint-Germain-en-Laye.
The seating capacity is 3 000 spectators.
The facility contains 44,000 square feet of column-free space in the main hall and 21,000 square feet of meeting room space in the lower level.
In 2014 The Glee Club won the Best Comedy Club award at the Midlands Comedy Awards.
The Theatre has a "The Mighty Wurlitzer Organ" theatre organ made by Rudolph Wurlitzer Company.
There are 6,733 permanent seats in the arena, and it seats up to 9,500 for concerts.
Theatre Royal Plymouth is a theatre venue in Plymouth, Devon.
Euskalduna organizes and hosts a wide range of activities, including cultural, political, business, academic and social events.
The Lloyd Noble Center is an 11,562-seat multi-purpose arena located in Norman, Oklahoma, some 19 miles south of downtown Oklahoma City.
It is located next to the Hong Kong International Airport.
It is owned by the Tanzanian Government.
The Booth Theatre is a Broadway theatre located at 222 West 45th Street in midtown-Manhattan, New York City.
In 2000, naming rights were sold to the Smirnoff vodka company, as a result of a corporate sponsorship agreement with The House of Blues.
Phoenix Theatre was built on the place where was a factory and then Music hall Alcazar before.
Lawnwood Stadium is a football stadium facility in the City of Fort Pierce, Florida.
It is the home ground of Conpet.
The bar was named Palmer's in 1950.
Campo de O'Donnell was a multi-use stadium in Madrid, Spain.
Stade Boubker Ammar is a football stadium in Salé, Morocco.
The Z Rink was an indoor roller hockey facility located in Glastonbury, Connecticut, in the United States.
There are eight tennis courts altogether, each one of them being a hard court.
Łuczniczka is a sport, show and fair arena in Bydgoszcz, Poland.
It is the successor in this role to the Robin Hood Dell, where the Philadelphians have given summer performances since 1935.
In April 1923 Basil Rathbone played Harry Domain in R.U.R.
Montego Bay Sports Complex is a multi-purpose sports stadium in the Catherine Hall area of the city of Montego Bay, Jamaica.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of FK Sūduva.
In 1932, While Parents Sleep was a hit.
The theatre underwent $3 million worth of upgrades and renovations for air conditioning, seating, restroom improvements and other amenities.
The Aviation Club Tennis Centre is a tennis complex in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Stade de la Concorde is a stadium located in Bukavu, Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The stadium is currently used mostly for football matches.
Cuff Complex, also known as The Cuff, is a gay bar and nightclub in Seattle, Washington, in the United States.
Lady Gaga completed a short residency as the last performer before the Roseland Ballroom closed.
Cioffi opened other clubs including Sudsys in Louisville.
The club has been owned and run by musician Steve Rubie since 1976.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Borac Banja Luka.
The stadium is home to Association football club Hassania Agadir, replacing their old venue Stade Al Inbiaâte.
The following year the team as taken over by the Philadelphia Phillies and renamed the Allentown Wings, but reverted back to the Cardinals again in 1942.
It is also one of the home grounds for the NSW Country Eagles team that plays in the National Rugby Championship.
In 2014 a High Court judge ruled that the TV show Glee 'diluted and tarnished' the reputation of The Glee Club comedy chain.
Vicar Street is a concert, performing arts centre and events venue in Dublin, Ireland.
The stadium has an all-seated capacity of 15,000, making it the second largest stadium in Sierra Leone after the national stadium in Freetown.
The record attendance of 28,123 was set in March 1938, for an FA Cup match against Huddersfield Town.
On December 3, 2016, the basketball court was named after former Longwood basketball player Jerome Kersey, officially making the hardwood Jerome Kersey Court.
The stadium holds 21,000 people and was built in 2009.
In July 2009, new seating was added that holds up to 500 people on the east-end of the stadium.
The Main Stand was a two-thirds pitch length seated stand with covered standing extensions added on either side.
In July 2016, the structure was deemed structurally unsafe for use or occupancy by the city engineer, requiring the two groups leasing it to move out.
The Fraze was ranked 22nd in the world for the same recognition by Pollstar in 2011.
It is a picturesque facility located adjacent to Howrah Beach and has stunning views across the River Derwent.
The Malta Knights came from 10–0 down midway through the first half to defeat Norway, 30–20 to win the Rugby League European Federation Bowl.
The Atlanta Thrashers held a practice and promotional session in the arena on October 18, 2009.
Stag PDX, or simply Stag, is a gay-owned nightclub and strip club in the Pearl District of Portland, Oregon, United States.
The Corona Stadium was one of the smallest football stadiums in Mexico having only capacity for 20,100 seats.
It operated until 1955 when it succumbed to the competition from television.
Vatani Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Qa'em Shahr, Iran.
Its facilities include a 300-seat performance space, rehearsal spaces for theatre, music, dance and circus, an art gallery, artist studios, coffee shop, bar and restaurant.
The largest arena in the west end of Montreal, the complex is also home to Arena Denis Savard, a small minor-hockey rink, attached to its side.
No seat is more than 177 feet from the 30' × 64' stage.
The Winter Garden Theatre formerly occupied the site until 1965.
The station broadcasts locally on 92.1 FM, on DAB to Merseyside, West Cheshire and North East Wales, and via the station's website.
Shortly after this it moved to 10 Dean Street in Soho.
Owned and operated by Lehigh University, it is located on the school's Goodman Campus.
In the 2016-17 league season, Atlético Tucumán drew an average home attendance of 26,000, the fourth-highest in the league.
It is a unique venue that combines a bowling alley and a music club together in one place.
The stadium has a seated capacity of 1,000 spectators and is the current home of FK Sukthi.
In addition to nurturing homegrown talent, The Underground booked many bands from across the U.S. and abroad.
The stadium is going to be able to hold 18,000 people.
GSO Stadium or Gymnastic Club Olympia Stadium was a stadium in Limassol, Cyprus.
It is currently used by football team San Simón de Moquegua.
The stadium is part of the training camp used by the club's youth academy, which includes four additional fields.
It also hosts the OHSAA boys and girls track and field State Tournament.
Its nickname, Alwin, is a blend of the words "Alps" and "wind".
Mediacom Ice Park is a multi-purpose arena located in downtown Springfield, Missouri.
The team was owned by the A. E. Staley Manufacturing Company, for which Staley Field was the company athletic field.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
The company produces around six new productions each year which tour the UK's leading theatres and internationally.
It was then closed and stood dormant until 2002, when it was demolished, well past its usefulness and becoming dangerously dilapidated.
The TivoliVredenburg is a contemporary music complex located in Utrecht, Netherlands.
The former home arena of Avtomobilist Karagandy and Saryarka Karagandy hockey club.
Actress Elizabeth Taylor and singer Bob Dylan attended the show.
In addition to 12,600 seats for the fans in the stadium, there was a promenade around the stadium and an entertainment programme, particularly for children.
The stadium was built along with the current high school, which was completed in 1964, and named for the recently assassinated President John F. Kennedy.
In 2015 it was closed to visitors for major restoration works.
In 2016, Playhouse Square re-created the original 1921 lobby.
It was the home of the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company between 1990 and 1997.
The first game at Hughes Stadium was played on September 28, 1968, a 17-12 loss to North Texas State, led by Mean Joe Greene.
Fabric was later allowed to be reopened under strict laws.
Sports Backers Stadium is a 3,250-seat stadium in Richmond, Virginia.
By the end of its renovations the capacity of Rukh should be over 20,000 at the end of renovations.
In 2012 Whitestone Contracting stadium hosted the ITM cup premiership final between North Otago and Canterbury.
Rollins Field was a stadium in Columbia, Missouri.
The 3,500-seat stadium is home to the UW–Green Bay men's and women's soccer teams.
The stadium has a capacity of 7,500 spectators.
It was named after Hyde Road, a road which begins at the east end of Ardwick Green South in Ardwick and runs east towards Hyde.
Seven years later, in 1967, during the dawn of 23 April, a fire destroyed the room.
The floodlighting system, with a density of 2000 lux, has been inaugurated in 2008.
Its centerpiece was a 1300-seat theater, which is considered by architectural historians to be one of the greatest collaborations between Adler and Sullivan.
NHK Hall is a part of the NHK Osaka, located in Otemae, Chūō-ku, Osaka, Japan.
Over two storeys there is a combined exhibition floor area of 5,000 m² and a separate restaurant for up to 250 seated guests.
It is named for Herbert L. Dillon, class of 1907, a one-time football captain and a principal donor to the building which bears his name.
Verdão is owned by the Mato Grosso state government.
Gaz Metan Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Mediaş, Romania.
It was also the site of the tennis events for the 1987 Pan American Games.
The arena also hosted boxing and wrestling events at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
The stadium's nickname, Rua Javari, is the name of the street where it is located in.
The theatre hosts many concerts, conventions and other events, and is the home of Halifax Theatre for Young People, San Family Productions, Coastal Dance, Maritime Marionettes.
Tewligans was a famous live music venue in Louisville, Kentucky.
SFJAZZ has, since 1983, produced the San Francisco Jazz Festival, and since 2004, the SFJAZZ Collective.
The arena is visible on the landing approach to the LAX airport from the east.
former Besëlidhja Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Lezhë, Albania.
The stadium has a capacity of 6,000 spectators.
Polideportivo Vitoria-Gasteiz is a multi-use sports complex located in Nejapa, El Salvador.
The Tees Music Alliance also organises the Stockton Weekender - a large outdoor music festival taking place in the town each summer.
Come for the arts and theatre and stay for the food!
Based in Toronto, it was founded in 1979 by Cynthia Grant, Kim Renders, Mary Vingoe, and Maureen White.
The now current main building was open on August 6, 2010 as a part of the Back to School Bash/Grand Opening weekend.
Estadio Olímpico de Tapachula is a multi-purpose stadium in Tapachula, Chiapas, Mexico.
The stadium was constructed for the 2001 FIFA U-17 World Cup which was hosted by Trinidad and Tobago.
The Drake Hotel is a hospitality venue on Queen Street West in Toronto, Ontario, Canada near Parkdale.
Since 1987 it has been a dual use cinema/theatre with two screens, and has a seating capacity of 512.
ICC Sydney includes convention spaces for 2,500, 1,000 and 750 people.
The Kawarazaki-za was one of the major kabuki theatres in Edo during the Edo period and into the Meiji period.
It also hosted the 2013 Robertson Cup with the Amarillo Bulls winning the championship.
Both clubs usually draw very low attendances for their other league matches.
Parc Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Breaza.
It was founded in 1910 and was demolished in 1937 when Råsunda Stadium was built on the existing site of the stadium
The theatre was designed by local architect, Monty Minter.
Lawrence Welk's appearance at the Concord Pavilion on June 13, 1982 was billed as his farewell performance.
The arena was used for the 2004 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships Division I Group B.
Bradley played two home games of the CIT postseason tournament at the Coliseum, defeating both the University of Wisconsin-Green Bay and Tulane.
Located at the corner of Wellington and Brock Streets, it is the largest arena owned by the city of Sarnia.
The Jammets redecorated La Caravelle in 1990, replacing the original red carpets and banquettes with a color scheme of green and peach.
In 2015, the junior ice hockey team, the Evansville Jr. Thunderbolts of the North American 3 Hockey League, began play at Swonder.
BEST MUSICAL DIRECTOR Off West End Awards 2011
David was succeeded by Andrew Lamb in 2010.
Despite decades of use, the stadium's history of numerous structural and financial problems has largely branded it a white elephant.
Its current artistic director is Sean Holmes, and its executive director is Sian Alexander.
The stadium got its current name in the 1990s.
In 2001, the venue moved three doors south, from 1831 to 1811 14th Street.
All seats are unobstructed, giving every seat a clear view of the stage.
The common alley shared with City Lights was originally called "Adler" but was renamed "Jack Kerouac Alley" in 1988.
CFR Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Craiova.
Mardan Sports Complex is a multi-purpose stadium in Aksu, Antalya, Turkey.
In 2006, Under Armour filmed part of a popular commercial called "Click-Clack" at Dragon Stadium.
In 2013, electric floodlights were introduced to the stadium.
Currently, the stadium is host to Hapoel Bat Yam, which was refounded in 2012.
The Jack Breslin Student Events Center is a multi-purpose arena at Michigan State University in East Lansing, Michigan.
The stairs to the seating area have also been moved to the back in order to improve sightlines.
The Gate Revues, several starring Hermione Gingold who made her first professional appearance at the Gate, restored intimate revue to favour in the West End.
It hosted the 1996 Patriot League men's basketball tournament final.
The current executive director is Henry Avery.
Its creative directors in 2013 are musician Melissa Auf der Maur and independent filmmaker Tony Stone.
Tot bubblers, spray arches, belle sprays, and geysers
In 2010, it was announced that the Broadway in Tucson series would be bringing the smash Broadway hit Wicked to Tucson.
There are plans to build a multi arena with an indoor bandy venue, originally thought to have been completed by 2009.
The field dimensions are 101 m of length and 68 m of width.
It is located in central Helsinki Kamppi district on the street Urho Kekkosen katu.
The Kolporter Arena is a multi-purpose stadium in Kielce, Poland.
The Hawks won, but the Sarnia Jr. 'B' team got six goals.
During the 1984 Dallas Grand Prix Formula One race held at Fair Park, the Coliseum doubled as the pit paddock for the Formula One teams.
Legitimate drama unaccompanied by music was prohibited by law in all but the two London patent theatres, and so this theatre quickly became an opera house.
The authors of the project are Sonja Jurković, Sanja Gašparović, Nataša Martinčić and Tatjana Peraković.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
It is also used by the American football team Mönchengladbach Mavericks.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Kallithea F.C.
Designed in the Neo-Baroque style, it is considered one of "150 great places in Illinois" by the American Institute of Architects.
Adana Metropolitan Theatre) is a theatre hall in the Reşatbey neighborhood of the city of Adana.
In November 2010, the renovation of Hala was announced for 2011.
Modeled after its predecessor, the LC Pavilion in Columbus, Ohio, Stage AE features state-of-the-art lighting, acoustical systems and an innovative reversible stage.
The Henderson Pavilion is the largest open air amphitheater in Nevada, and the first of its kind in Southern Nevada.
Sakubva Stadium is a multi-use stadium located in Sakubva township in Mutare, Zimbabwe.
The goals were scored by Ronald Koeman, Ruud Gullit and Peter Houtman.
The theatre also produces a Christmas show and two Spring shows.
Remai Modern Art Gallery of Saskatchewan, a new $80.2-million public art museum, is set to open adjacent to the Remai Arts Centre on October 21 2017.
Kazhymukan Munaitpasov Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Shymkent, Kazakhstan.
The Belasco Theatre is a Broadway theatre opened in 1907 at 111 West 44th Street in midtown-Manhattan.
The Bennett Memorial Chapel is a building on the campus of Oklahoma State University located in Stillwater, Oklahoma.
The income derived from the Live Nation contract goes towards supporting the classical arts presentations.
The building was purchased in 1976 by Doreen and Wilf Williams, who subsequently founded The Rondo Trust for the Performing Arts.
The venue is owned by the Viña del Mar Municipality.
Verdun Auditorium is an arena located in the Montreal borough of Verdun, Quebec, Canada.
It is adjacent to the Shing Mun River.
"The Fieldhouse consists of an indoor 6 lane, 200 metre track surrounding three NBA size basketball courts and seating for 2,200."
The theatre closed in 2007 and was demolished as part of the town's £60 million Neptune Project redevelopment plans.
The present building is distinct from its predecessor, the Old Friedrichstadt-Palast, and therefore now also called the New Friedrichstadt-Palast.
During the 2008 Summer Paralympics, it hosted the preliminary rounds of wheelchair basketball and the wheelchair rugby competition.
The main auditorium has a seating capacity of 2,443 and is home to the Baltimore Symphony Orchestra.
Stade Municipal is a multi-use stadium in Porto-Novo, Benin.
Mate Parlov Sport Centre is a multi-functional hall in Pula.
This was the culmination of a 10-year-long dispute with the Toronto Islands' residents regarding excessive noise.
The final cost of the stadium was in the range of between $18 million and $19 million.
In 2005, Underbelly added the Baby Belly venue.
Oosterpark Stadion was the stadium of football club FC Groningen until December 2005.
In 1970, Kobe Central Stadium was opened at the site of the Kobe Keirin Track.
On the ground floor the DJs only play less mainstream music genres, such as heavy metal, Pop punk, Hard Rock and Emo.
The Buffalo State Sports Arena is a multi-purpose sports complex, in Buffalo, New York, located at Buffalo State College, a campus of SUNY.
The City Ground was a football stadium in Cambridge, England.
Bowditch Field is the main public athletic facility for the Town of Framingham, Massachusetts, USA.
OPCC was designed by architectural firm DLR Group.
The theatre was first established as the Strand Musick Hall in 1864 on the former site of the Lyceum Theatre.
Stillwell Stadium has been home to the program since its 1984 inception.
The arena is used primarily for youth hockey as well as for fairs, trade shows and wedding receptions.
Filoil Flying V entered in a naming rights agreement with the San Juan City government, changing the arena's name into "Filoil Flying V Arena".
The stadium held a match between Iran and Indonesia in June 2009.
It is one of the largest music venues in the Chicago area, with a capacity of up to 28,000 spectators; 11,000 reserved seats, 17,000 lawn seats.
Seating capacity was up to 15,000, depending on the type of event held.
It has an ice rink, Live Café and arena.
Sandnes Idrettspark is a multi-purpose stadium in Sandnes, Rogaland, Norway.
It is used since 1998 for youth and senior teams trainings.
Dedicated to hometown hockey hero Maurice Richard, this arena includes a multi-media exhibition on the life of the Montreal Canadiens great.
The Delaware Field House is an indoor athletics facility on the campus of the University of Delaware in Newark, Delaware.
Muziekcentrum Vredenburg was a music venue in Utrecht, Netherlands with a capacity of 5,000 people.
The stadium holds 21,000 people and was built in 1993.
Though £5 million of funding from the Arts Council was not granted Hull City Council intended to press ahead with the £11.7 million project.
Prior to the opening of the Twisted Wheel, most UK nightclubs played modern popular music, Soul and R&B.
It serves as the home ice rink of the Central Coast Rhinos who compete in the major Ice Hockey Leagues.
There is also a location in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
Estadio Capitán Remigio Elías Aguirre Romero is a multi-purpose stadium administrated by the governmental Instituto Peruano del Deporte in Chiclayo, Peru.
The stadium was renovated before the 2012 season to celebrate the University's centennial, and was reopened in time for the Tigers' game against Austin Peay.
Junction 2 and Junction 3 host theatre, dance, music and comedy.
Hangzhou Olympic Sports Center Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Hangzhou, China which is under construction.
It is the home stadium of AS Capoise and Zénith of the Ligue Haïtienne.
Subsequent additions led to a total capacity of 12,000 prior to its closure and demolition.
The Center is home to the Puerto Rico Symphony Orchestra and the annual Casals Festival.
In 1971, the theater was sold to the Kerasotes Theatres chain.
It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball, and also hosts concerts.
It also hosts the Cavalcade of Bands and Tournament of Bands Atlantic Coast Championship marching band competitions, every November.
The capacity decreases, with stage one being the largest, having 447 seats.
It was a well known venue for local and touring punk and alternative rock bands.
Chaplin Reserve is also home to the Sunshine George Cross Bocci Club.
The Juscelino Kubitschek Arena is the indoor multisport stadium of Minas Tênis Clube.
In 1963, the adjacent warehouse was acquired.
In 1982 UCL alumnus Fabio Perselli directed the British English language premiere of the multi-racial production of Pirandello`s `Liola`for Internationalist Theatre at the Bloomsbury Theatre.
The standing-room-only capacity is approximately 2,500 to 3,000 people, including the second-floor area which overlooks the stage from stage left.
The largest, the Midway can accommodate 1,000 as a theater and has a 24-foot-by-50-foot stage.
The Paper Cup, a coffee bar, was run in the space by JRC and Stephanie Carrico.
Etess died in a helicopter crash in October 1989.
It is located in the north part of the city, near the lake Zagorka.
The Errol Flynn Filmhouse, an independent cinema built to the side of the complex, opened in 2013.
Artists represented by Byron Gallery included: Herbert Bayer, Albert Kotin, Clement Meadmore, Richard Merkin, Brian O'Doherty, Hans Richter and John Vickery.
The Estadio Jorge Basadre, previously known as the Estadio Modelo, is a multi-purpose stadium in Tacna, Peru named after historian Jorge Basadre.
The Michigan State Bar Examination, large concerts, commencements, monster truck rallies, and circuses that travel to Mid Michigan are often held at the Breslin Center.
City Theater is owned and operated by Olympia Entertainment.
The facility also hosts indoor soccer, flatball, and field hockey games.
The first ever produced Soviet-Armenian movie Zaré was shown in the cinema in 1926.
It also has a second court seating 350.
Construction began in 2008; the opening ceremony of the new stadium was in 2009.
Since the end of the 17th century the court has undergone little alteration.
It is the second largest opera house in Budapest and in Hungary.
The auditorium was rebuilt in 1897 by theatre architect Frank Matcham, but then closed temporarily in 1906, following the opening of the larger His Majesty's Theatre.
The Dominion Cinema is an independent Streamline Moderne cinema located in the Edinburgh suburb of Morningside.
The building was used as localitites for the Royal Dramatic Theatre in 1863–1908.
The rest of the stadium has standing terraces.
The Saskatoon Centennial Auditorium was opened April 1, 1968 and was designed by Kerr Cullingworth Riches Associates.
With seating for up to 3,538 audience members, Hill is one of the most popular venues for large productions on campus.
Theatre is divided into following subdivisions: a children's drama studio, youth drama group and the group for adults.
However, also in 1996 the New England Collegiate Baseball League was looking to expand and West Warwick was chosen to host a team.
Likas stadium is also located not far from the Kota Kinabalu city which is about 10 minutes drive or 40 minutes walk.
Forney 27 v. North Forney 17 - 2013 Unity Bowl - Forney scored 21 straight points to defeat North Forney.
It was used from 1911 to 1922 by the football team, baseball team, and track team.
Stade de la Maladière is a multi-purpose stadium in Neuchâtel, Switzerland.
It is one of only three movie theaters in the world still capable of showing three-panel Cinerama films.
The LSU Natatorium is a swimming and diving facility located on the campus of Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge, LA.
It is managed by a trust established by an Act of Parliament.
Bonifika Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Koper, Slovenia.
The company is supported by Creative Victoria through the triennial funding, operational investment scheme
The stadium was completed in 1967 and has been the home ground of KF Elbasani ever since.
Situated on Mary Street on the eastern fringes of Toowoomba CBD adjacent to Queens Park and Toowoomba East State School.
Mothers opened above an old furniture store in Erdington High Street on 9 August 1968.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of TFF Third League team Ünyespor.
It is mainly used for football matches and hosts the home matches of Lega Pro side Fidelis Andria.
Originally opening in 1962, the facility was renovated beginning in 1995 until 1997; with a grand re-opening on February 8, 1997.
It is dedicated to local veterans of war.
The Chisholm Trail Coliseum is an 8,000-seat multi-purpose arena located at the Garfield County Fairgrounds in Enid, Oklahoma.
The building was demolished in 1989 and the Cathedral Square residential complex and Arena Gardens municipal park now occupy the site.
With the restoration, seating capacity was reduced to the present 3,193.
Owned by "JC", Ken Sprackman, Craig Laskey and Naomi Montpetit, the venue is a significant part of Canadian musical lore.
Most recently, it hosted Sam Smith's In The Lonely Hour Tour in 2015; it was his first Oklahoma concert.
The stadium also hosted a game of the 4th World Football Championships for para-athletes with an intellectual disability.
In addition to university programs, the McDonough Center has also hosted the AIDS Memorial Quilt, and hosts an annual college fair.
The facility houses a 220-seat theatre/cinema, art gallery, box office, meeting rooms, rehearsal studios and offices.
It is estimated that over one million visitors attended MRF over 12 summers.
Among other events, it has hosted the 2012 edition of Skate America.
The club has no formal music policy, but techno is prevalent on most nights.
The oldest Georgian theatre in its original working form is the Georgian Theatre Royal in Richmond, Yorkshire.
The Renovations also included brand new doors for the main entrances and the foyer areas received complete renovations and a handicapped lift was installed.
The building was located at Aldrich Field, located on Elmgrove Avenue across from Brown Stadium.
It is currently by the Nairobi City Stars of the Kenyan Premier League, and Administration Police and Kenya Revenue Authority of FKF Division One.
AJ Kelly Park is a football venue located at Kippa Ring, Queensland.
The Ustinov Studio was also nominated for the prestigious Empty Space ... Peter Brook Award 2012.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of FC Erzgebirge Aue.
The venue has a capacity of 2,000 spectators and features Triple-A-quality lighting.
The Jimmye Laycock Football Center is a football facility for The College of William & Mary Tribe in Williamsburg, Virginia, USA.
Stade Robert Diochon is a stadium in Rouen, France.
The theatre was officially re-opened by then-President of Croatia, Franjo Tuđman in December 1994.
The game would be the first of their two Admiral Brown Cup games against Ireland.
It will eventually replace the Cardiff Arena, which is close to the Ice Arena Wales.
The Darling Market was discontinued in 2010.
It was the idea of Clyde Radcliffe, son of the former head of the State Fair, to turn the exhibition hall into an arena.
Stadio Danilo Martelli is the main stadium in Mantua, Italy.
The building, designed by architect Edward Durell Stone, was constructed by Philadelphia contractor John McShain, and is administered by a bureau of the Smithsonian Institution.
In 2015 the Grays Harbor Gulls of the newly minted Mount Rainier Professional Baseball League opened for business.
The theater's foyer is 3,000 square feet and the adjacent Great Hall features 10,000 square feet of meeting space.
The historic Bullock Hotel is located at the corner of Wall and Main Street in Deadwood, South Dakota.
In September 1971, the Grugahalle was the venue for most of the games of the 1971 European basketball championship.
As of 2016, the company was New Orleans' only African-American community theatre.
The Wesley Brown Field House is a sports arena at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
Smidjegrav Arena, formerly known as FM Mattsson Arena, is an indoor sporting arena located in Mora, Sweden.
The arena hosted the Group C games of EuroBasket 2011 from 31 August 2011 to 5 September 2011.
The stadium had been home to FC Lucerne since 1934.
Medeo was the main arena of the 2012 Bandy World Championship.
The stadium complex also has the only training pitch with FieldTurf flooring in Bulgaria.
It cost 82 crore and was built in 11 months which is a record for the construction of an indoor stadium of international standard.
The company's mission includes a focus on international, though in particular Australian and Asian works.
It is the biggest in Italy, and one of the largest of Europe, renowned for its perfect acoustics.
This was in part due to the harsher winters in Örebro compared to coastal and further southern areas.
As of 2013, an automotive dealership and rowhouses occupy the site.
It was established in 1972 and has since become one of the most celebrated new writing theatres in the world.
La Comedia opened January 28, 1975 with the production of 'A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum' under the direction of Dub Narramore.
It will be located on part of the site of the former Lower Ngau Tau Kok Estate, directly across Kwun Tong Road from Kowloon Bay Station.
In addition, the Mostar Youth Theatre has founded an International award called the “Grozdanin Kikot” award.
The centre also has a fitness suite and studios, conference rooms and a café.
The Frank L. Messa Rink at Achilles Center is a 2,225-seat multi-purpose arena in Schenectady, New York.
It has a capacity of 20,801, making it the second-largest soccer-specific stadium in Canada, after BMO Field in Toronto.
Since opening in 1958, the theatre has established itself as a centre for the new and innovative productions.
who currently play in Iran's Premier Football League.
By 1976, a stage, orchestra pit and rough graded seating area were built, supported entirely with private monies.
City Bank Stadium is the home stadium of the Forney Jackrabbits and the North Forney Falcons and is located on the campus of Forney High School.
The stadium is home to the Bendigo Braves and Bendigo Spirit.
Pontardawe Arts Centre is a multi-purpose cultural venue in Pontardawe, Neath Port Talbot, Wales.
The site was occupied by the first Virgin Megastore from 1979 and closed in 2009.
It previously hosted the Des Moines Menace soccer team.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of German Canadian FC, London Football Academy, and Forest City London.
A lifelong baseball enthusiast, Griffin is honored with the naming of the Rip Griffin Baseball Park on the Tech campus.
The stadium is also the site for BISD commencement ceremonies.
Then, a new world record in the women's 5000 metres was set by Elvan Abeylegesse.
The Whitlam Centre is a multi-use indoor arena in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Torpedo Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Mogilev, Belarus.
The Focus Theatre in Dublin was a small but respected theatre which offered a variety of plays from new and established writers.
Mac Court is also home to the OSAA high school 5A and 6A boys' basketball championships.
The arena's basketball court is the same floor where the Spartans won the 2000 NCAA Men's Tournament, which was at the RCA Dome in Indianapolis.
Stadionul Mihai Adam is a multi-use stadium in Câmpia Turzii, Romania.
A Northampton-based artist famous for his murals and curtains.
It is part of the Louis P. Howell Athletic Complex.
It was replaced by Estadio Chamartín in 1924.
The Memorial Drive Tennis club was established in 1914, under the name South Australian Lawn Tennis Club.
Recently also the Polish national handball team played its matches in Łuczniczka.
The whole complex is currently managed by the Philippine Sports Commission, while the property is owned by the Manila City government.
The amphitheater opened in February 2000 as the Mesa del Sol Amphitheater.
It is named after the Battle of Grunwald and was rebuilt by the German POWs after World War II and finished in 1950.
There was also a venue at the Merrion Centre in Leeds which opened in November 2003 but closed in June 2004.
The venue was formerly home to the UMass Lowell River Hawks, during which time the team won two NCAA Division II national championships.
Near the stadium, a carpet area, two basketball courts, jogging paths and a 300 car parking lot are located.
It is owned and operated by The Victoria Theatre Association and occupies the former site of Rike's department store.
There is a very active youth group as well as children's classes.
Alfred Smoczyk Stadium is a stadium in Leszno, Poland.
They built a new stadium nearer the city centre, St Andrew's, which hosted its first game in December 1906.
The arena is also occasionally used for special events, such as concerts, graduations, and speakers.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Napier City Rovers and Hawke's Bay United.
During the winter season pantomime was performed.
The complex consists of the Hwaseong Stadium, Hwaseong Indoor Arena.
There is a small practice rink located just to the east of the main arena.
Established in 1991, it has become "one of Britain’s major contemporary theatre exports" with an "international reputation" for devising and touring powerful and "unusual performances."
Racer Arena hosted the Ohio Valley Conference men's basketball tournament in 1983, 1988, 1990, and 1991.
It is home to the University of Alberta Golden Bears basketball team, as well as the Edmonton Energy of the International Basketball League.
The Studio des Ursulines is a cinema in the 5th arrondissement of Paris, at No.10, Rue des Ursulines.
The Phoenix Concert Theatre, is a nightclub and concert venue located at 410 Sherbourne Street in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
During the 1990s, under new management, it was run as a rent-a-nightclub.
Additional parking is available at the Q Casino, about 400 years away.
The ARK Theatre Company is an actor-driven repertory theatre ensemble working in Los Angeles, California.
Bendat Basketball Centre is a purpose built basketball stadium located in Perth, Western Australia.
The 2011 America East Conference Baseball Tournament, won by Maine, was played at Joe Nathan Field.
Construction started in 1924 and the building was dedicated in 1925.
It remained vacant until an extensive renovation effort late in the 20th century allowed it to reopen in 2002.
The Dallas Tornado soccer club hosted the four-team regionals of the 1975 NASL Indoor tournament.
On December 11, 2012, Phoenix FC and Arizona State Sun Devils announced a stadium agreement for the 2013 season.
It presents new works of theatre, together with comedy and cabaret, across three performance spaces.
Bandy was played at Söderstadion wintertime until 1989.
It is currently used by the Portuguese FC and FC Colmar Spaniards, two regional amateur clubs.
The theater's first public film performance took place on 23 November 1905.
The theater itself was closed in 2010, underwent a major transformation, and re-opened on September 16, 2011.
Nonetheless, Princeton has a very strong historical record for home games.
It is situated in the Mecidiye neighborhood, in the northeastern city outskirts.
Theatre Royal is a historic performing arts venue in central Hobart, Tasmania.
Kennesaw Mountain is located south of the field and is visible if one looks past home plate from the outfield.
Since its opening, Schroeder Park has hosted several notable college baseball events.
They played at the club for ten years, until their semi-retirement in 2004.
Stadion Topolica is a multi-use stadium in Bar, Montenegro.
The venue is located on the grounds of Harveys Lake Tahoe, in the south parking lot behind the parking garage.
Local artists drew in charcoal on paper pinned to the walls behind the musicians as they played.
Billy Bob's Texas is a popular country & western nightclub in the Fort Worth Stockyards, Texas, United States.
Dr. Petrus Molemela Stadium, formerly known as Seisa Ramabodu Stadium, is a multi-purpose stadium located in Bloemfontein, South Africa.
It was initially used as the stadium of CD Logroñés matches.
The ELMU has its premises in Nosturi since 1999.
Bristol Old Vic runs a popular, and highly successful Young Company for young people aged 7–25.
Estádio Leonardo Vinagre da Silveira, commonly known as Estádio da Graça, is an association football stadium located in Cruz das Armas neighborhood, João Pessoa, Paraíba, Brazil.
Folkungavallen is a football stadium in Linköping, Sweden and the home stadium for the football teams Linköpings FC and FK Linköping.
It consists of a floodlit, grass football pitch with a 300-capacity seated stand and a floodlit artificial pitch used for hockey and training.
It is currently home to the Major League Baseball Australian Academy Program.
It also hosted the 2008 European Curling Championships.
The Sidewalk Cafe is also associated with a number of indie labels including Kale Records, Olive Juice Music and Weemayk Music.
JSC ZAZ Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Zaporizhia, Ukraine that belongs to the Zaporizhia Car-manufacturing Plant.
The BFI IMAX is an IMAX cinema in the South Bank district of London, just north of Waterloo station.
The Ulster Performing Arts Center, originally the Broadway Theater and Community Theatre, is located on Broadway in Kingston, New York, United States.
After several failed attempts, the center opened its doors in 2004.
It is located in the Sokolniki District of the city, a fifteen-minute walk from Sokolniki metro station, right by Sokolniki Park.
In the new century, Mrs. Patrick Campbell played at the theatre.
It is located in barrio Tercero, in the Ponce Historic Zone.
The capacity of the arena is 9,000 people and it was built in 2005.
The Laeiszhalle, formerly Musikhalle Hamburg, is a concert hall in the Neustadt of Hamburg, Germany and home to the Hamburger Symphoniker and the Philharmoniker Hamburg.
It was designed by Tony Garnier in 1905.
It was the main home of Sagawa Express Tokyo S.C. before that club's merger with its Osaka-based sister club and subsequent relocation to Shiga.
It consists of two facilities: the Veterans Memorial Coliseum and the Exhibition Center.
Previously it had been home to the Rangers Reserve team, until a rule change forced them to move elsewhere.
One of the earliest musical comedies, Go-Bang, was a success at the theatre in 1894.
The building contains two theatres, the Wallace Bennett Theatre and the Main Auditorium, and was previously a disused Victorian swimming pool.
It opened in 1903 and is currently used mostly for football matches.
It is located on the Hohe Warte hill in Heiligenstadt, a northern suburb in the 19th Viennese district of Döbling.
The José Miguel Agrelot Coliseum of Puerto Rico is the biggest indoor arena in Puerto Rico dedicated to entertainment.
The stadium is also occasionally used by C.D.
The capacity of the stadium was 5,000 spectators at its peak.
The Landmarks Preservation Commission designated the East Village/Lower East Side Historic District on October 9, 2012.
It was initially used as the stadium of Győri ETO FC matches.
Městský stadion is a multi-purpose stadium in Ostrava-Vítkovice, Czech Republic.
The St. James Theatre, is a stage theatre located in the heart of New Zealand's capital city, Wellington.
The Aronoff Center is a large performing arts center in downtown Cincinnati, Ohio.
The Ethel Barrymore Theatre is a Broadway theatre located at 243 West 47th Street in the Theater District of Midtown Manhattan, New York City.
Memorial Stadium's replacement, Parkview Field, opened for the 2009 season in downtown Fort Wayne as the new home for the franchise.
Al-Assad Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Latakia, Syria.
In the project the weightlifting hall has been expanded and a new 280 square meter warm-up room was created.
Palmer's Bar is a dive bar and music venue located in the Cedar-Riverside neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The main stadium is mostly used by the Tarbes French Rugby Union team, Tarbes Pyrénées Rugby who play in the French ProD2 league.
It is mainly used mostly for football matches and hosts the home matches of Szolnoki MÁV FC of the Nemzeti Bajnokság I.
The acoustics for the hall were designed by Minoru Nagata, later of Nagata Acoustics, while TOA Corporation provided the hall's sound equipment.
It is named after Dinamo Bucureşti and Romania legend, Florea Dumitrache.
The St. Charles Convention Center is a convention center in St. Charles, Missouri.
Stadio Virgilio Fedini is a multi-use stadium in San Giovanni Valdarno, Italy.
In 2007 the stadium received a new playing surface and in 2009 it received a new scoreboard in left field to replace the original one.
Twelve years later, at the 1976 Winter Olympics, it again hosted figure skating and ice hockey.
The stadium has a seating capacity for 19,720 spectators.
Pavelló Barris Nord is an arena in Lleida, Catalonia, Spain.
Various park tenants host activities as well.
It also served as the site of the Southern Conference men's basketball championship tournament from 1955 through 1963.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
It is one of the home venues of the Otago Volts.
The directors of theatre stage not only national but also foreign stories.
The venue name, Champions of 1936, is misleading.
The stadium has been developed during the last couple of years.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Deportivo Enersur and Mariscal Nieto of the Copa Perú.
For many years, until the company acquired its first permanent theater, it staged numerous productions by the Shiki Theatre Company.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
The theatre is close to Wimbledon rail, tube and tramlink station, and a short walk from South Wimbledon tube station.
The venue has hosted one Norway national under-21 football team match, playing 1–3 against Cyprus on 3 September 2010.
The Novo is an intimate indoor club located at L.A. Live in downtown Los Angeles, California.
The ITC Stella Maris is a tennis complex in Umag, Croatia.
Estadio Héroes de San Ramón is a multi-use stadium in Cajamarca, Peru.
The college soccer facility is named for beloved longtime coach Glenn Warner.
as well as several smaller top sides: Universitario de La Paz, Chaco Petrolero and Mariscal Braun.
There is also different skate times. "
Jaycee Park, located in Fort Pierce, Florida, was the spring training home of the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1954.
The Music Circus and Melody Tent are owned and operated by the South Shore Playhouse Associates, a not-for-profit organization.
The stadium has a capacity of 5,000 spectators.
The interlaced initials above the net on the wall opposite the corridors are, however, not those of Charles but of William III and Mary II.
It hosted matches from Group C in the FIFA U-20 World Cup, and was used until the quarter-finals of the competition.
Estádio Romário de Souza Faria, also known as Marrentão, is a football stadium located in Xerém, a district of Duque de Caxias, Brazil.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of HNK Cibalia.
The Prince of Wales Stadium is a multi-sport stadium in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, England, with a running track and athletics facilities.
The venue is also sometimes used for athletics.
Stadion Gladbeck is a multi-use stadium in Gladbeck, Germany .
Hideaway is a jazz club in Streatham, south London which features live performances of jazz, funk, swing and soul music as well as stand-up comedy nights.
Sokolniki Arena or Sokolniki Sports Palace is an indoor sporting arena located in Moscow, Russia.
The new football grounds were not opened officially until January 1985, but Institute had been playing at the YMCA Grounds since 1980.
Arthur Bourchier's The Chili Widow ran for over 300 nights.
The Pacific Amphitheatre is an amphitheatre in Costa Mesa, Orange County, California.
It was also used from 1927 until 1959 for the annual Thanksgiving Day game between Savannah High School and Benedictine Military School.
The London Arena was an indoor arena and exhibition centre, on the Isle of Dogs, in east London, England; it was demolished for housing in 2006.
The stadium holds 5,000 spectators and was opened in 1926.
Again known as the Rotunda, the cinema-going public thronged to the venue.
In 1873, it was the venue for the first scheduled matinée performance, establishing a custom soon followed in theatres everywhere.
Today, the opera house is home to the Budapest Opera Ball, a society event dating back to 1886.
The capacity of the stadium was 11,500 spectators.
It was built for sports and social activities of Parsis.
PalaArgento, full name Palazzetto dello Sport Mario Argento, is an indoor sporting arena in Naples, Italy.
It is currently used for football matches and is the home stadium of Barakaldo CF.
It underwent several renovations in the late 1990s.
Merrimack Repertory Theatre is a non-profit professional theatre located in Lowell, Massachusetts.
The John Anson Ford Theatres complex is situated in the Cahuenga Pass in Hollywood, California, and consists of a 1,200-seat outdoor amphitheatre.
The Duo Music Exchange, a music venue and cafe bar, with a capacity of 700 people is located the first floor of the building.
From the 2014–15 NBL season, the Townsville Crocodiles moved out of their long time home, the Townsville Entertainment Centre, and into the RSL Stadium.
Since then most of the building has remained empty, and it has been placed on Manchester City Council's Buildings at Risk Register.
It is the home of the Acadia University Axemen football and soccer teams as well as the Acadia Axewomen soccer and rugby teams.
The Mesa Arts Center is a performing and visual arts complex in downtown Mesa, Arizona.
It hosted several matches during the 1970 African Nations Cup in Sudan.
Located in Barra da Tijuca, it is one of the major show houses of Rio de Janeiro.
The Arena comprises two NHL-sized ice rinks each with a seating capacity of 600, a cafe, and pro shop.
Mario Morales Coliseum is an indoor sporting arena that is located in Guaynabo, Puerto Rico.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of FC Hermannstadt.
Whilst Sunde denied it, the statue bore a very strong resemblance to former Aalesund player John Arne Riise.
The park went through a major redevelopment and was re-opened by the Premier of Queensland, Anna Bligh, on 23 August 2009.
Stade Lumumba is a stadium located in Kisangani, Democratic Republic of the Congo.
In August 2009, a new floodlight system with a capacity of 1,400 lux was installed.
Hassanal Bolkiah National Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Bandar Seri Begawan, Brunei Darussalam.
It opened in 2007 and was built adjacent to Uhuru Stadium, the former national stadium.
The facade of the Liberty theater was later absorbed into Ripley's Odditorium, which is part of the Forest City Enterprises entertainment complex.
It is mainly used for association football and athletics and it is located within Likas Sports Complex.
The stadium is also used for local high school and other community events.
It was located in Thornhill, Ontario, Canada.
Aragon Ballroom is a ballroom located at West Lawrence Avenue in Chicago, Illinois, approximately 5 miles north of downtown, in the Uptown neighborhood.
The two grounds are the closest in England and the second-closest in the United Kingdom after the grounds of Dundee and Dundee United.
Ciudad Deportiva de El Viso is the training ground of Málaga CF.
The centre is operated by Bury Metropolitan Arts Association, a registered charity, and it popularly known as Bury Met.
The one-half-mile dirt track is situated in the western portion of the village and is part of the Cattaraugus County Fairgrounds facility.
The United Artists Theatre was a popular movie theatre located in the Chicago Loop.
The HaKirya Arena is an indoor sporting arena located in Ashdod, Israel.
The stadium has two bars and a Western Union outlet, and the field is almost completely surrounded by billboards.
In addition, there are also some swimming pools and tennis courts.
The Kress Events Center is a 4,018-seat multi-purpose arena in Green Bay, Wisconsin, in the United States.
Hebert Wells Ice Arena is a 600 seat plus ice arena in College Park, Maryland, USA.
Arcola Theatre is an Off West End theatre in the London Borough of Hackney.
The SunDome was the home of the Continental Basketball Association's Yakima Sun Kings from 1990 to 2008.
It hosts the Shandong Golden Stars of the Chinese Basketball Association.
The Shenzhen Dayun Arena is a arena located in Shenzhen, China.
Kaitaba Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Bukoba, Tanzania.
The ground was demolished in 2005 to make room for a new stadium that has been opened in December 2006.
The Ground was named in honor of Alexander O. Shirley in June 1990.
Since then the cinema has been closed three times; in 1972, 1980 and 1998, each time to add more seats and cinemas.
The Aitken Centre is located on the campus of the University of New Brunswick in Fredericton, New Brunswick.
Structures have several nicknames such as blobs, beetles, scarabs, turtles, insect carapaces, computer mice.
The facility is served by three main pitches, as well as a training ground and a touch pitch.
Hammond Stadium's outer facade was designed with Churchill Downs in mind.
The O2 ABC is a nightclub and music venue on Sauchiehall Street, in the centre of Glasgow, the largest city in Scotland.
It is now owned by the Dunedin City Council.
Medeu switched to its current system of artificial ice in 1972 by a team of Soviet engineers.
The theater opened as the Avalon Theater in 1927, when the community was known as Avalon Park, a then predominantly German, Swedish and Irish neighborhood.
Successful plays are often transferred to West End theatres.
Karşıyaka Arena is a multi-purpose indoor arena that is located in İzmir, Turkey.
Estádio do Bom Retiro was a football stadium owned by Corinthians.
It was formerly called Odd Stadion, and was built in 1923 as the home ground of Odd.
The Finborough Theatre is a fifty-seat theatre in the West Brompton area of London under artistic directorship of Neil McPherson.
Kingfield Stadium, also known as Laithwaite Community Stadium for sponsorship reasons, is the home of Woking F.C.
The London Palladium is a 2,286-seat Grade II* West End theatre located on Argyll Street in the City of Westminster.
They bought the venue in 1981, when it was still known as "The Funktion Junktion", a bar known for live Southern-rock music.
It is a traditional proscenium style theatre with a 354 seat auditorium.
The Seyed Rasol Hosseini Arena is an indoor sports arena in Sari, Iran.It is the home stadium of Futsal Super League team Rah Sari.
It became a bar in the 1980s, then a nightclub.
Beginning on October 26, 2013, it became home of the Omaha Mavericks men's and women's soccer teams.
Miyazaki Athletic Stadium is an athletic stadium in Miyazaki, Miyazaki, Japan.
It is used mainly for football and is the training ground for FC St. Gallen.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and serves as the home venue of Bunamwaya SC of the Ugandan Super League.
Grisham Stadium is currently undergoing extensive renovations, which include a state-of-the-art artificial track and field, complete visitor's locker rooms, and updated concessions.
The Leicester Square Theatre is a 400-seat theatre near Leicester Square, in the City of Westminster, London.
In September 1833 Italian violinist Niccolò Paganini played at the theatre.
It was established in 1912 by Bokken Lasson.
Reggies is a restaurant and music venue located in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
The Fritz-Grunebaum-Sportpark is a rugby union stadium in Heidelberg, Germany.
Hyslop Sports Center is an on-campus indoor arena in Grand Forks, North Dakota.
The National Sports Centre in Douglas Isle of Man is a large multi-sports centre and athletics stadium.
It is Knighton's largest venue with a current standing capacity for 650 and a seated capacity of 450.
The stadium was built to host the soccer matches at the 1979 Pan American Games.
Estádio Nicolau Alayon, also known as Estádio Comendador Sousa, is a football stadium located in the Brazilian city of São Paulo, São Paulo state.
It was designed by Gregotti Associati International.
The capacity of the stadium was 5,000 spectators.
Throughout the years the stadium has undergone many renovations, most recently for the Copa America 2004.
Lokomotiv Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium, located in southeastern Plovdiv, Bulgaria.
A decision to seek an alternative venue was hastened in November 1920, when the Main Stand was destroyed by fire.
Time Warner Cable Amphitheater at Tower City was an outdoor concert venue and part of the mixed-use Tower City Center development in downtown Cleveland, Ohio.
The stadium also serves as a neutral site for PIAA high school playoff football games.
Other seating capacities include 5,000 for basketball and up to 7,800 for concerts.
It currently has an all-seated capacity of 19,841 for Football League games.
B'Ginnings was a nightclub located in Schaumburg, Illinois, which opened in 1974.
It currently hosts the school's track and field squad.
Trans-Sil Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Târgu Mureș, Romania.
It is located between Baltimore Avenue to the west, Grand Boulevard to the east, 12th Street to the north, and Interstate 670 to the south.
Stade Mohamed Ouali is a multi-use stadium in Mohammadia, Mascara, Algeria.
The stadium was the venue of the 2005 World Games.
It was the home ground of Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC till 2006.
The stadium held 17,000 people at its peak.
Annually, Caravan Farm Theatre productions attract between 13,000 and 16,000 theatre-goers each year.
Shortly after, SOTA was one of only four schools in the inaugural year to win at the national level.
The stadium was constructed for the 36 National Games for events of volleyball and basketball.
Although there were complaints about high priced events in its early years, discounted ticket programs were introduced in the 2009–10 season.
Hans Jacob Nilsen was the theatre director from 1952 to 1955, then Jens Gunderssen from 1955 to 1959.
Dave Warner's band From the Suburbs recorded the album Free Kicks at Bombay Rock in November 1978.
In 2009 the final was played between Maties and Pukke.
In 1981, the Centre established the Centrediscs recording label, the only label devoted entirely to Canadian concert music.
It is one of the largest auditoriums in the city.
The arena is also used for trade shows and conventions of exhibit space plus 5,000 square feet of meeting space.).
One of its primary functions is as a velodrome - when it is known as Maebashi Velodrome - holding parimutuel Keirin races throughout the year.
One of the oldest cinemas in the country, it was built in 1920 by the Chua family led by Chua Cheng Bok.
It was built by engineer Francisco Boguerín as one of the first "official" and permanent racetracks in the city.
The theatre is now known as Exeter Northcott Theatre and became a registered charity in June 2013.
New releases, national seasons, directors' retrospectives, thematic programmes, festivals, and special events have been regular features of the programme.
Estadio Tierra de Campeones is an athletics and football stadium in Iquique, Tarapaca Region, Chile.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
Local architect Albert Frahn painted the interior in burgundy and gray, with glow-in-the-dark murals.
The Volkswagen Dobsonville Stadium, also referred to as Dobsie Stadium, is a multi-purpose stadium in Soweto, a suburb of Johannesburg, South Africa.
The site was reused as a Gaumont cinema from 1913 to 1940, when this too was destroyed.
The stadium has a capacity of 3,400.
It was built for Cardinal Wolsey between 1526 and 1529.
Bill Tabor and Curtis joked that it was a 40 Watt Club due to the single 40 Watt bulb which hung from the ceiling.
A grade II* listed building, the theatre was first built as a Music hall in 1863, as MacDonald's Music hall.
Since 1979 it functions as part of publicly owned New Belgrade Sports Center.
58 of the Swedish Sports Confederation's 67 special sports can be practiced there.
The theatre produces a diverse range of drama.
The venue hosted the final of the 2009 Big South Conference men's basketball tournament.
Contact Number : 09209074361 The San Juan Gymnasium is an indoor sporting arena located in San Juan, Metro Manila, Philippines.
Before its use as a football ground, the site was an area of waste ground, and in its early days the ground had only rudimentary facilities.
KM de Vantagens Hall is a music venue, in the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Approximately 70% of the theatre, including the 200-capacity Council Chamber, the Scratch Bar and the Members Library, was saved from the fire and remains open.
International Convention Centre Sydney is an exhibition and convention centre which opened in December 2016, in Sydney, Australia.
University Hall Turf Field is a field hockey stadium in Charlottesville, Virginia.
It is the home base of PSBI Blitar.
Guests are first served dinner buffet style and the show follows about an hour and a half later.
It was also the name of one of the two main performance venues within the complex.
It was completed at a cost of £30 million.
Robert Dietz Memorial Stadium is a football stadium in Kingston, New York.
It is located adjacent to the roundabout at the bottom of Marlow Hill, behind Wycombe High Street.
It is also a combined with a school's campus, from where it got its name.
Army Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Rawalpindi, Pakistan.
The complex also includes several other sports fields, a sports hall and a bathing resort.
It was primarily used for basketball and other indoor sporting events until it closed due to the larger Lanxess Arena opening.
The stadium holds 1,000 spectators and opened in 2004.
Ri'ayet al-Shabab Stadium is a multi-use stadium in the Syrian city of Aleppo.
It is home to the Blainville-Boisbriand Armada ice hockey club in the QMJHL, who were previously known as the Montreal Junior Hockey Club.
Estadio La Barranquita is a multi-use stadium in Santiago, Dominican Republic.
It was used as the stadium of VfB Mühlburg association football matches.
University Hall is an 8,457-seat multi-purpose arena on the University of Virginia Grounds in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Their programme combines new plays by emerging playwrights alongside work un-revived since the 1980s/90's in their Second Look Programme.
It also was the home ground of Atletico de Kolkata, the first Indian Super League team with more than 1 million Facebook followers.
The Coliseum was named after President William R. Johnson who retired from SFA on July 15th, 1990 after 14 years of service.
Bassel al-Assad Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Al-Hasakah.
It was named for former Governor of Minnesota and U.S.
In 2001 it was completely renovated to become one of the most modern arenas in Czech Republic.
The 14th Street Theatre, located at 2037 E. 14th Street in downtown Cleveland, Ohio, was a 288-seat theater built in 2002 as part of Playhouse Square.
It has been in existence in various locations since 1965.
Architecturally, the Avalon Regal's atmospheric Moorish Revivalist theme was conceived by Austrian-born architect John Eberson, who was nationally known for his exotic motifs.
The Ciudad Real Madrid is the name given to Real Madrid's training facilities located outside Madrid in Valdebebas near Barajas airport.
The Cock Tavern Theatre was a pub theatre located in Kilburn in the north-west of London.
Founded in 2010 by local arts producer Storyhouse, it is the only full-time, site-specific professional open-air theatre company outside London.
In the fall of 2011, it was home to the short lived Vermont Wild of the Federal Hockey League.
It is the official home of the Mobile Symphony Orchestra and also serves as the venue for movie festivals, concerts, lectures and special events.
Chisenhale Dance Space is a British, member-led charitable organisation  based in east London.
Morrill Hall has been the home of various academic departments at Oklahoma State University–Stillwater.
The current naming rights sponsor is the Ak-Chin Indian Community.
The stadium was known as The Outsourcing Stadium until February 2013.
The Trylon Microcinema is a 50-seat movie theater in the Longfellow neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The seating capacity of the arena is 5,000 people, and it was opened on 27 October 2010.
The Stadio Libero Liberati is a multi-use stadium in Terni, Italy.
Murray Hill Theatre is a Christian music venue and cafe located in Jacksonville, Florida.
Currently, the coordinator of the Ciudad Deportiva is Pedro Suñén.
It is also thought to be the first reinforced concrete building constructed in Perth.
O2 Academy Birmingham is a music venue located in Birmingham, West Midlands, England.
Additionally, The Moth storytelling events are held monthly at Cliff Bell's.
The venue attracted a national audience to its legendary 12-hour all night events.
The South Okanagan Events Centre is a 5,000-seat multi-purpose arena in Penticton, British Columbia.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Sticla Arieşul Turda.
The stadium is located on ulica Strzelecka 7.
The Los Angeles Clippers Training Center is a 42,500 square foot two-story training facility for the Los Angeles Clippers of the National Basketball Association.
Kadir Has Sport Hall is an indoor sporting arena that is located in Kayseri, Turkey.
In 2009, at the stadium "Metallurg" held the final stage of the AFC President's Cup 2009.
Renaissance Coliseum is a brand new multi-purpose athletic facility at Bradley University in Peoria, Illinois.
In 1973, La Caravelle's preparations for lunch were the subject of a short film, French Lunch.
The size of the greater hall is 1,572 square metres and the minor hall — 652 square metres.
The stadium has a dedicated field to host football matches with a capacity of 5,000 seats, and other fields to host other sports disciplines.
The stadium has a capacity of 35,000 people.
The stadium has a capacity of 20,000 people.
It offers a view of the Wasatch Mountains.
Just The Tonic is a comedy club in Nottingham and Leicester, which also takes acts to the Edinburgh Festival Fringe.
It has a capacity of 26,000 and it is used mostly for football matches.
It is home to the University of South Carolina Upstate Spartans college baseball team of the NCAA's Division I Atlantic Sun Conference.
Nowadays, it is mainly known for bandy, because Hammarby IF, playing in the highest bandy league in Sweden, use it as its home ground.
Although officially titled the "City Business Stadium" in the early 1990s, it remained known almost exclusively by its address, like many English football stadia.
Temple played their first game at the field on March 25, 2004, and beat University of the Sciences 6-2.
The stadium was used as a detention centre during the Paris massacre of 1961.
The stadium, completed in 1968, was a gift of the BJU Alumni Association and seats 4,000 in a single stand situated along the north sideline.
Recently the stadium is used as one of the main venues in Slovenia for hosting youth tournaments for U17 and U19 national teams.
A pavilion, dressing rooms and stands for spectators will be constructed.
Trud Stadium is a sports venue in Arkhangelsk.
Known for its futuristic design, it featured 40 wood-floor bowling lanes, a game room, a lounge, and a coffee shop that eventually became a Mexican diner.
The site did hold a party to celebrate Barack Obama's presidential nomination acceptance speech in August 2008.
The artificial turf field is specially engineered to allow for proper drainage.
The New Diorama Theatre is an eighty-seat theatre near Regent's Park in the London Borough of Camden.
Hugh's Room is a restaurant and live music venue in Toronto, Ontario.
The community centre is connected to Markham Stouffville Hospital, allowing many different facilities to be available for patients and doctors.
A crowd of 14,421 was in attendance to see AC Ajaccio defeat SC Bastia in the Corsican derby.
From 2007 to 2009 it was home to semi-professional football team Newcastle Blue Star.
The pitch is owned by the club and has artificial turf.
Located at Campo Elías Street in Maracay, the stadium holds 15,328 people and was opened in 1965.
The team finished as runner-up to the championship in 1944,1945 and 1947.
Caravan of Dreams was a performing arts center in the central business district of Fort Worth, Texas during the 1980s and 1990s.
Stade Municipal de Bohicon is a multi-use stadium in Bohicon, Benin.
Theatre building is occasionally used for community events, workshops, and award ceremonies.
Estadio Las Gaunas was a multi-use stadium in Logroño, Spain.
It is currently used mostly for football and rugby union matches.
Both pitchers went on to have distinguished Major League careers.
It is currently used mostly for football matches, and is the home ground of Eliteserien team Kristiansund BK.
The Way Off Broadway Dinner Theatre, also known as Way Off Broadway or WOB, is a regional dinner theater and children’s theater located in Frederick, Maryland.
Throughout the 2004, 2005, and 2006 seasons, the Dragons were given the title of "National Champions."
Ivanjica Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Ivanjica, Serbia.
Renovations were completed in the spring of 2006.
The leisure centre is located in the town’s Central Park near Ashby Road.
During this period, a grandstand with a capacity of 1,500 spectators will be added.
The principal and most well-known owner was Danny Seraphine, the drummer for the rock band Chicago, who had a hit song called "Beginnings."
Today the original grandstands are now gone replaced by a single side seating area, but track and playing field remains.
The plaza also consists of an outdoor amphitheater, known as Bold Sphere Music.
The Drowsy Chaperone premiered at The Rivoli and went on to subsequent productions and eventually a highly successful run on Broadway.
By the 1970s, structural and maintenance issues along with the passage and implementation of Title IX resulted in plans to build a replacement for Wills.
The Jiaxing Sports Centre Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Jiaxing, China.
It is located approximately six miles from the AIC campus.
It is also the home stadium of the Monagas Sport Club.
The New Victoria Theatre in Woking, England opened in June 1992.
It is the home base of Semeru FC and PSIL Lumajang.
It is located on the zone of Abandoibarra, near the Guggenheim Museum Bilbao.
Seau was a hometown hero to Oceanside and especially its Samoan Community.
Albert Park is a football ground in Hawick in the Scottish Borders, which is the home of Lowland Football League club Hawick Royal Albert F.C..
With a seating capacity of approximately 3,800, the house is the largest repertory opera house in the world.
It serves mostly for football matches and had been the home ground of Internaţional Curtea de Argeş.
Slowdown is an entertainment venue located at 729 North 14 Street in NoDo, a new development near the Near North Side neighborhood in Omaha, Nebraska.
More recently The Klein has hosted such diverse musical acts as Alice Cooper, B.B.
Souther, Jackson Browne, Van Morrison, Buffalo Springfield, Kelly Clarkson and other prominent and successful performers, who played performances there establishing their future fame.
The stadium has a maximum capacity of 8,000 people and was built in 1989.
The Plutonium Playhouse is a theatre company in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada that began as a non-profit society in 2010.
The stadium was able to hold 50,000 spectators at its height 5,000 spectators seated.
Ralph Korte Stadium, also known as "The Ralph", is a 4,000 seat stadium located on the campus of Southern Illinois University Edwardsville in Edwardsville, Illinois.
LFF Stadium, formerly known as Vėtra Stadium, is a football stadium in Vilnius, Lithuania.
Former pitcher Bill Lee has called Fenway Park "a shrine".
Vladimir Polunin copied works by Tintoretto, Titian, Pinturicchio and Giorgione.
It has been regarded by some critics as "one of the UK's most innovative and exciting theatre companies."
Located in the basement of 2294 Seventh Avenue, it opened in 1925 and was owned by Ed Smalls.
The 2nd phase will occupy an area of 27,702 m².
Oppenheimer Stadium is a football stadium in Orkney, South Africa.
An impressive feat considering Dubbo has a population of around 40,000.
In addition, the 3,000-square-foot fitness centre is equipped with cardiovascular conditioning equipment, strength-training equipment, and free weights.
A brand new chef's kitchen was also installed on the third floor, with warming ovens, grills, griddles and more.
Abdurrahman Roza Haxhiu Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Lushnjë, Albania.
Some University lectures are held in the venue as well.
The stadium holds 11,981 people, after the last reform.
The Bush Theatre is based in Shepherd's Bush, in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham.
The stadium is part of the Niedermatten Sports Centre.
During the 2014–15 season PSV Eindhoven will participate in the Dutch Eredivisie, the KNVB Cup, and the UEFA Europa League.
The facility was opened on November 23, 1996, replacing the original Bruce Arena, which was destroyed in a fire on September 24, 1995.
The Ritz is a live music venue on Whitworth Street West, Manchester, England.
In this version of the stadium, the highest ever attendance was recorded when on 10 February 1974, 35,991 people watched Cesena defeat giants AC Milan.
Its bleachers are constructed of prestressed concrete beams with seats of anodized aluminum.
Although the actor turned down an offer to take the stage, Galifianakis stuck around to watch a show and was seen sitting at the bar.
Beginning as a vaudeville theater, it became a movie house by 1912 with occasional live acts, and converted to talking motion pictures by 1930.
Municipal Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Vaslui, Romania.
The park has recently had a $16m redevelpoment with the new grandstand known as the Northland Events Centre being built.
Avanhard Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Rivne, Ukraine.
The cinema was demolished shortly afterwards and the site remained derelict until 2002, when work began on the construction of a new office block.
Its name is a reference to the date of the withdrawal of U.S. forces from Libya, June 11, 1970.
This was the first time a Broadway in Tucson show was held at Centennial Hall.
The theatre is a venue for the Sundance Film Festival, and hosts a movie-rental library.
It is one of the oldest grounds in the country.
The tie had been set to be played at the MISC but the stadium will not be ready in time.
It is currently used for football matches and is the home stadium of La Roche VF.
It has one of the largest movie screens in the Northeast.
Estadio Las Gaunas is a football stadium in Logroño, La Rioja, Spain.
A Cradle of Coaches room is located inside the stadium, along with football offices, player meeting rooms, and locker rooms.
Theatre is named in memory of Prof. Ediriweera Sarachchandra, Sri Lanka's premium playwright.
The Belcourt Theatre is a nonprofit film center located in Nashville's Hillsboro Village district.
The arena, which opened in January 1991, by Christopher Dean and Jane Torville, holds 3,200 people, and has an ice pad of 60 by 30 metres.
Stadion ETO was a multi-use stadium in Győr, Hungary.
The 1961 stands have a U-shaped appearance, as the name of the team that uses it.
Opening on December 30, 1967, the Forum was an unusual and groundbreaking structure.
The ground was also the home of Worcester City between 2013 and 2016.
It was initially used as the stadium of Racing de Santander matches.
Opened 86 years ago on October 4, 1930, the stadium seating capacity was nearly 60,000 for decades.
Dash Rip Rock's self-titled debut LP was the first album released by 688 Records.
Voodoo is a bar and nightclub in Letterkenny, County Donegal, Ireland.
Because of new license conditions of the Croatian Football Federation the stadium was on 2008 equipped with a floodlight system.
The original Cavern club closed in March 1973 and was filled in during construction work on the Merseyrail underground rail loop.
Abebe Bikila Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
It is located on the university's campus.
A 1/12 mile elevated Walking Track above the courts offers a safe indoor environment.
Since the 1970s, it has been a popular venue for music acts.
During his reign on the sidelines, his Seahawk teams went to the AAA state championship game five years in a row, winning the title four times.
The theatre was established by architect and playwright John Vanbrugh, in 1705, as the Queen's Theatre.
Mladost Stadium is a stadium in Lučani, Serbia.
It was used for musical recitals, lectures and political meetings.
São Carlos FC usually plays their home matches at the stadium, and has a pitch size of 100,5 x 68m.
In 1983, a vinyl record entitled The Batcave: Young Limbs And Numb Hymns was released on the London Records label.
Apart from the Guaynabo Mets' home games, the coliseum is also used for boxing, roller derby and musical acts.
It host the home matches of the Okayama Seagulls of the V.League.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Hercules Lupeni.
Sakarya Atatürk Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Adapazarı, Turkey.
The stadium has a capacity of 15,000 people.
La Trastienda Club is a prominent café-concert style venue in Buenos Aires.
The stadium holds 3,828 people and the municipality of Peyia expects to extend the gradines so the capacity will reach the 7.500 people.
Veterans Park Amphitheater is a 2,500-seat amphitheater located in Albany, Georgia.
The ground has lighting and a capacity of around 12,000.
True to the 40 Watt method it was assembled with found materials and volunteer labor.
Contractor Solomon Morash led the original project.
Cinkotai Royal Ground is a multi-purpose recreational facility in Budapest, Hungary.
The Fobio Stadium is the Stadium for football of the Football Club Montauban Tarn-et-Garonne in the city of Montauban.
Yale Field is a stadium in West Haven, Connecticut, just across the city line with New Haven, Connecticut.
The Buffaloes were a farm team of the Major League St. Louis Cardinals and provided many great ballplayers to the Cardinals' success in 1930s and 1940s.
The capacity increased from 5,000 to 9,300.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and track and field events.
The playing surface itself was named in 2003 in honor of then head coach Sonny Lubick.
The main performance space is a black box style with plenty of flexibility to stage a diverse range of performances.
It is located about 1,5 kilometers far from the Veolia Stadium of rivals KV Mechelen.
In June 2010, the stadium's playing surface was replaced with a new Hellas Matrix turf.
Dinamo Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Bucharest, Romania.
The building was designed by the noted architects Jahiel Finci and Zlatko Ugljen.
It is currently used by football team C.D.
Used for football matches, it is the home ground of Second Division team Fana IL.
Muhammadu Dikko Stadium is an all-seater association football and athletics stadium in Katsina, Katsina State, Nigeria.
The Azadi Indoor Stadium, officially named Azadi 12,000 Capacity Hall, is an indoor sports arena in Tehran, Iran.
Isleta Amphitheater is an outdoor amphitheater, located in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
The facility serves as the home ground of Budapest rugby club Medvék RK.
The building is now a grade II listed building.
The stadium is built by NBBJ in partnership with CCDI.
The building was designed by the Brazilian architecture office Vigliecca & Associados.
It was designed by architect Thomas Bowhill Gibson in an Art Deco style.
It became a gala event venue, holding screenings of many films for the first time.
The venue opened in early December 2010 with two performances by Pittsburgh-native musician Girl Talk.
The building is constructed in memory of Russian-Azerbaijani singer Muslim Magomaev and owned by millionaire Aras Agalarov.
Originally a warehouse during the 1920s, the building became a cinema and ballroom.
The Family Arena has also been host to nationally televised professional wrestling events.
The field was renamed after 2005 to Frank Banko Field at BASD Stadium.
It was built by the partnership of Peto & Grissell.
It is mainly used by the local football team Kvik Halden FK who play in the Norwegian Third Division.
Since 1973 it has been a Grade II Listed Building.
Marvel Gymnasium was a 3,000-seat multipurpose gymnasium in Providence, Rhode Island.
From 1920, the year it was opened, until 2011 it was used mostly for football matches and was the home of Bangor City F.C.
Plans to reopen the theatre by the summer of 2015 were unsuccessful.
Famed architect Michael Graves designed the building.
The college is a member of the Centennial Conference.
The venue currently operates 7 days a week with performances most nights, often at no cost during the week.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and athletics competitions.
In 2009 the venue closed, and was demolished as part of the development plans of the Crossrail project.
Acts such as Katy Perry, Sisteray, The Courteeners and Ra Ra Riot also appeared here prior to international acclaim.
It was finished in 2015, and has up to 3,700 places for attendance.
Lamade Stadium was built in 1959 and holds 40,000 people, most of whom sit on the outfield berms.
Monomoy Regional High School, formerly Harwich High School, is located to the southwest of the field.
The production was directed by Walter Learning.
It takes its name from the previous name for West Columbia.
The arena hosts conferences, concerts and sports events.
It is home to the UMBC Retrievers men's and women's lacrosse, field hockey, and track and field programs, as well as an alternate venue for soccer.
Originally known as Scunthorpe Civic Theatre it was renamed in the 1990s in recognition of the achievements of local actress Joan Plowright.
It is the home ground of Juventus Bucureşti.
Tanglewood is also home to three music schools: the Tanglewood Music Center, Days in the Arts and the Boston University Tanglewood Institute.
The venue hosts all the Handball Super League and Women's Handball Super League matches scheduled in Ankara.
Straits Sports Centre Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Quanzhou, China.
It is located on 858 Ste-Catherine Est.
From 2007 to 2017, it was the home of the Kenai River Brown Bears of the North American Hockey League.
The amphitheater plays host to a variety of concerts and events during the spring, summer and fall.
It is located in the Novi Grad district.
The Latin was a very popular Center City nightclub for a decade.
When it was built in 1931, it was the largest multi-purpose theater on the West Coast, seating 3476.
Switching homes two times, the company moved to its current building in 1966.
In 1850 and 1851 Pablo Fanque, the popular black equestrian and circus owner played to near-capacity Dublin crowds for weeks.
It hosted the qualifying rounds and finals of ten shooting events at the 2008 Summer Olympics, consisting of all 10-, 25- and 50-metre events.
From 1899 until 1995, it was known as "Lawkholme Lane".
Paton Field is located on Telegraph Road, in Thurstaston, Wirral Peninsula, England.
The stadium holds 28,000 and was opened in 1984.
It is part of the wider Brighton Dome complex of buildings.
Beard–Eaves–Memorial Coliseum is a 10,500-seat multi-purpose arena on the campus of Auburn University in Auburn, Alabama.
The Regent Theatre is a 2,143 seat theatre in Melbourne's East End Theatre District, Australia.
Bank of the Cascades Center is a 4,000-permanent seat indoor arena located in Redmond, Oregon, as part of the Deschutes County Expo Center.
In a deal with the city of Concord, Bill Graham Presents took over operations of the facility in February 2000.
It is the home stadium of Karuturi Sports and Oserian F.C., both competing in the Kenyan Premier League, and holds 5,000 people.
It was opened in 2004 on the grounds of the former Kilikia Football School in the Kentron District of the capital Yerevan.
It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball.
Ramazanoğlu Cultural Center is a complex in the Karşıyaka quarter of the city of Adana.
Crown Perth is a resort and casino located in Burswood, Western Australia, near the Swan River.
The Campbell Center is also used for graduations, theatrical performances, meetings, conferences, banquets and community events.
It is the home base of Persewangi Banyuwangi.
The centre also houses a sporting complex and small function rooms which are available to hire for wedding reception and business functions.
On 6 June 2007 the theatre staged the world première of Houdini—The Musical, which is based on the life of the escapologist Harry Houdini.
The theatre opened in 1931, and became a music venue during the 1960s.
The S. Peter Volpe Athletic Center is the home of the Merrimack College Warriors athletics teams.
It was designed by Albert E. Westover and built by local theatre owner and manager Isaac Charles Mishler and opened on February 15, 1906.
The LeGrand Sports Complex is a Track and Field complex at Angelo State University in San Angelo, Texas.
The stadium's capacity is approximately 8,000, but it can now be increased up to 12,000 people.
The Stadium was opened in 1931 with a match between The Strongest and its classic rival, Universitario, with The Strongest winning 4–1.
The Atleti Azzurri d'Italia is a stadium in Bergamo, Italy, used by the Atalanta and Albinoleffe football teams.
The Yadegar-e-Emam Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Qom, Iran.
The National Teams Training Center is an association football training ground being built at the San Lazaro Leisure and Business Park in Carmona, Cavite.
Buddha Bar "has made a name for itself with its Zen lounge music CDs and remains a hit – especially with tourists".
The facility offers a wide range of musical styles from hardcore punk to ethno jazz.
The ball park was located at City Park Avenue and what is now the Pontchartrain Expressway across from Greenwood Cemetery.
The Churchill is an example of a repertory theatre built in the style of European opera houses, with a large stage and sub-stage workshops.
The hall was sometimes referred to as "Thurston's Grand Hall".
The arena holds 5,115 people and was built in a record time of 100 days in 2005.
The extension was completed before the 30 March 2016 deadline.
Since its opening in 2003, the Dr Pepper Ballpark has won awards and garnered praise for its unique design, feel, and numerous facilities.
It is home to SVB Hoofdklasse club SV Voorwaarts, the oldest association football club in the country that is still active.
Papaya is one of the top 20 clubs in the world according to DJ MAG.
It is located on Enmore Road in the suburb of Enmore, south-west of the adjoining suburb, Newtown and is a medium-sized venue.
Arena Yerofey is a bandy arena in Khabarovsk, Russia, hosting the 2015 Bandy World Championship.
Woodburn Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Pietermaritzburg, South Africa.
Simeón Magaña Decided to donate the land on condition it could be the pride of Ahuachapán.
Shibuya O-East is a music venue in Dogenzaka Chome, Shibuya, Tokyo, where every week, mostly Japanese bands and musicians performs.
It is the largest private venue in the Philippines for trade events, industry conventions, corporate functions, and international exhibitions.
The Hollywood Pantages Theatre, formerly known as RKO Pantages Theatre, is located at Hollywood and Vine, in Hollywood.
The New England Baseball Complex is a 30-acre baseball complex in Northborough, Massachusetts owned by the New England Baseball Enterprises.
The Guiyang Olympic Sports Center is a stadium in Jinyang New Area, Guiyang, China.
Marden Sports Complex is a multi-use stadium in Adelaide, Australia.
Since 2004, every summer the stadium is a host to a football tournament: "Kamenitza fan cup"
It was inaugurated in 1932 as the Stadio Littorio and was initially used as the stadium of U.S. Triestina Calcio matches.
It is popularly known as the Wala, among university students and the drama enthusiasts.
Bristol Old Vic is a British theatre company based at the Theatre Royal, Bristol.
Shortly after, ownership was given to the Massachusetts Convention Center Authority who in turn began working on plans to renovate and expand the facility.
It was closed on December 19, 2015.
Opened in 1911 as the first Western-style theater in Japan, it stages a varied program of musicals and operas.
In addition to the stadium, the site will house a leisure complex and a community hub.
Twelve years later, Olympic competitions were again held at the Olympiahalle.
The new capacity was reduced to 23,860.
It is adjacent to the 2013-opened Hillsboro Ballpark.
It has six pitches and holds 2,720 covered seats.
Its stage attracts local and national alternative rock groups as well as DJs, though a more typical performance consists of smaller name local and touring acts.
The Arts Council of Ireland established Irish Film Theatre Limited as a company to promote the art of cinema in Ireland.
The arena is owned and operated by the Fairbanks North Star Borough.
The artificial ice rink was opened on 15 January 1988.
Veritas Stadion is a football stadium in Turku, Finland.
The stadium is located in the center of the Sleman Regency, Special Region of Yogyakarta, precisely 9 Kilometers away from the Adisucipto International Airport
Jordan Hall is a 1,019-seat concert hall in Boston, Massachusetts, the principal performance space of the New England Conservatory.
In 2015, the venue was acquired by Live Nation, and re-branded as O2 Ritz Manchester, as part of the O2 Academy Group.
It regularly produces its own work which tours nationally, most recently Torben Bett's Invincible in the summer of 2016.
The stadium was built because of a disagreement between FC Skoda Xanthi and the amateur club of Skoda Xanthi.
The theatre's capacity is 1,216 seats, and the building was Grade II* listed by English Heritage in 1970.
In 2013, the Chinese Theatre partnered with IMAX Corporation to convert the house into a custom-designed IMAX theater.
As indicated by the name, it is primarily used for pantomime theatre in the classical Italian commedia dell'arte tradition which is performed daily.
It represents the Sun in the Sweden Solar System, the world's largest scale model of the Solar System.
The arena was named in honour of local businessperson Art Hauser, who made a donation of $1 million to the campaign.
Mutesa II Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Kampala, Uganda.
The stadium is also used for athletics and is considered as the home for Slovenian athletics.
In 2014, Barberian's opened a spin-off take-out sandwich shop, TLP Sandwich Co. at 15 Elm Street, a few doors down from the main restaurant.
There are currently two community theater performances a year: one summer large scale musical and one smaller three-act play.
FIBA Under-19 World Championship for Women: 2007
Beginning on March 26, 2011 the State Fair Coliseum will be home to Dallas' own women's roller derby league, Assassination City Roller Derby.
The stadium is owned by the Paranaense Football Federation, and was the home ground of Paraná Clube.
The cultural centre was opened in September 20, 2013 together with the City Hall and the Town Park.
Waters had played for Michigan State from 1946 to 1949 and had been a head coach at Hillsdale College and Saginaw Valley State.
Tipitina's closed for a time during the 1984 World's Fair, when much of the local music scene was drawn to venues in and around the Fair.
In the early 1880s an annual New Year's Day race meeting took place on a number of local properties in the Clare Valley.
O2 Academy Leicester is the second largest purpose built live music venue in the city with a 1,450 Capacity.
It is used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Kastamonu Spor.
The theatre's chief executive is Tony Deeming.
The original NHK Hall opened in 1955 at a location in Tokyo's Uchisaiwai-cho district.
Until 2008, it was also used for track and field meets, having got rubber track in 1986.
It is built in the Nicosia suburb of Makedonitissa, close to the grounds of the Cyprus State Fair, with which it shares a large car park.
It is known for presenting live music 365 days a year.
Following a fire in 2007 it was substantially rebuilt, retaining its facade but moving the theatre to the ground floor, with flexible seating configurations.
Munayshy Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Atyrau, Kazakhstan.
Thirty nine percent of concert attendees were out-of-town visitors.
The Arclight Theatre has been in existence since 1993 and has been a successful venue for over a hundred productions.
Korakuen Velodrome was a Velodrome in Tokyo, Japan.
Other facilities at the Nyayo Stadium include a gymnasium and a 50-metre swimming pool.
Drama – adult and child, Welsh language and English language
It was opened in 1884 and demolished in 1959.
Built in 1985, the stadium is located on the grounds of Huntsville's former airport, adjacent to Huntsville's main north–south thoroughfare, U.S. Highway 231.
It was one of the venues of the 2007 Copa America.
The South London Theatre is a Community theatre in West Norwood in the London Borough of Lambeth, England.
It is open year round and has a 200'x85' NHL-size sheet of ice.
Emera Centre Northside is a community recreation facility, located in North Sydney, Nova Scotia.
It is named after Henry Fok Ying Tung, a businessman who left a large amount of money for this constructions.
There are seven luxury boxes that can view both the basketball floor and the football stadium outside, and new grandstands were built in 2006.
Korabi Stadium (Albanian: Stadiumi I Korabit is a multi-use stadium in Peshkopi, Albania.
On May 4th, all employees were served termination notices.
The Casbah, as it became widely known, was planned as a members-only club for Best's sons Pete, his younger brother, Rory, and their friends.
It is located at 95 Stanton Street between Orchard St and Ludlow St.
and it will have become converted to an indoor stadium.
The building was officially opened by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II in 1995, and won the Hillary Commission's 1996 Win-Win Facility Award.
In August 2009, Atlas Group purchased the naming rights to the arena for a period of 5 years.
Market Square Arena was an indoor arena located in Indianapolis.
The Star Pavilion is a music and entertainment venue in Hersheypark Stadium located in Hershey, Pennsylvania, United States.
Over the years, the Valley Royals have hosted many prestigious events at Jane & Gerry Swan Track at Rotary Stadium.
Fukuyama Takegahana Stadium is an athletic stadium in Fukuyama, Hiroshima, Japan.
Famous actors who débuted at the theatre included Robert William Elliston and John Liston.
The grand opening event was a concert by Elvis Presley on June 21, 1977.
Following a post-war enrollment boom, the mezzanine level was converted into Stadium Hall, a men's dormitory that opened for the Fall 1947 semester.
Louis Guisto Field is a baseball venue in Moraga, California, USA.
In 2009, it was renamed Coop Norrbotten Arena, although it's still occasionally referred to as "Coop Arena".
Even though music has become what it is now most widely known for, food has continued to be a significant part of the Dakota.
Doppler Studios is a recording studio in Atlanta, Georgia established in 1969 as the one-room studio home of a jingle company.
It was home to the Brown University Bears basketball team as well as other teams.
The Rabindra Parishad is a multi-purpose cultural centre on Beer Chand Patel Path in Patna, India.
Originally built for the Italia '61 Expo, Palavela was renovated for the figure skating and short track speed skating events at the 2006 Winter Olympics.
Lasesarre is a stadium in Barakaldo, Spain.
The Fox Inn is a public house in Green Lane, Hanwell, in the London Borough of Ealing.
Cultural festivals at the theatre became more prominent.
The board unanimously decided to name the stadium after Mohtarama Shaheed Benazir Bhutto.
Club Sesso, officially Ron Jeremy's Club Sesso, was a sex club for swingers that operated in Portland, Oregon from 2009 to 2015.
The Southport Broadwater Parklands is a large community park located in Southport.
Jessica Williams was the house pianist for a number of years.
A new entrance area was also constructed.
In December 2009, Carolines played host to the first public reunion of Dave Chappelle, Paul Mooney, and Charlie Murphy since the cancellation of Chappelle's Show.
It was also the first theatre, apart from the Royal Court Theatre, to stage Caryl Churchill's controversial play Seven Jewish Children.
When it was completed, FC St. Gallen was just relegated to the Challenge League.
Some performers are established singer/songwriters, and others perform hit songs written by other artists.
In October, they did so, and the place was renamed Sunlight Supply Amphitheater.
Medeu sits 1,691 metres above sea level.
In 1989 an indoor facility featuring 6 DecoTurf Ii courts was added, and the stadium court and other outdoor courts were converted from clay to DecoTurf.
The Cobham Training Centre is the training ground of Chelsea Football Club located in the village of Stoke d'Abernon near the village of Cobham, Surrey.
Ceahlăul Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Piatra Neamţ, Romania.
It is mostly used for football matches and is home to the Syrian Premier League club al-Muhafaza SC.
The stadium is named after the river Nisa, flowing directly behind the North Stand.
The Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre is a 7,000-seat outdoor concert venue, with lawn seating for another 13,000, making it a 20,000 person capacity venue.
Andrův stadion is a football stadium in Olomouc, Czech Republic.
Start Stadium is a sports venue in Nizhny Novgorod.
It was best known as the home of the Minnesota North Stars of the National Hockey League from 1967 to 1993.
Further, it was one of the host arenas for the official 2010 Women's Volleyball World Championship.
The theatre near the square of Gänsemarkt was founded in 1678, making it Germany's oldest public opera house.
The Mesa Arts Center encompasses four performance venues, from the intimate 99-seat Farnsworth Studio Theater to the 1,600-seat Ikeda Theater.
The first match ever played at the Abbey was a friendly against a team from Cambridge University Press on 31 August 1932.
2002 - Women's basketball locker room renovated
It is the most important sporting facility in Huila after the Estadio Guillermo Plazas Alcid.
Fiddler's Green Amphitheatre is an 18,000-capacity amphitheatre located in Greenwood Village, Colorado.
It was the first top-level stadium in Norway to feature artificial turf, which was at the time a highly debated issue.
Weserstadion Platz 11 is a football stadium in Bremen, Germany.
The football ground was demolished in 2006, while the cricket ground still remains in use.
In the past, it was the part-time home stadium of the Mamelodi Sundowns, who now play at the Loftus Versfeld Stadium.
Since 1978, it also hosts their annual "Visiting Artist Series" or "Emerging Artist Series".
In addition to the basketball arena, the Robins Center also serves as the home of many of the other athletic programs at the University of Richmond.
The stadium was renovated in 2001 and has a capacity to hold 27,223 people.
Lokomotiv Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Simferopol, Russia/Ukraine.
The name changed again in January 2008 when naming rights were awarded to Superpages.com Center.
The ground has a main concrete grandstand and a total capacity of 5,000.
The Royal Aquarium and Winter Garden was a place of amusement in Westminster, London, opened in 1876.
The club's owner announced that the 12 Bar Club would be relocated to Islington.
Tagarochori Training Center is a privately owned sports center built by Veria F.C.
The Garrick Theatre is a West End theatre, located on Charing Cross Road, in the City of Westminster, named for the stage actor David Garrick.
Clune Arena is a multi-purpose sports complex at the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, in the U.S. state of Colorado.
The stadium has a capacity of 2,500 spectators.
The Hult Center for the Performing Arts is a performing arts venue in Eugene, Oregon.
Stade Louis Ganivet is a multi-use stadium in Faaa, Tahiti, in French Polynesia.
In July 2013 a revival of Noël Coward's 1956 satirical comedy Nude with Violin had a three-week run staged by the Logos Theatre Company.
The Sarajevo National Theatre was founded in November 1921.
Later, on November 15, 1989, the stadium also hosted a game of the 1990 FIFA World Cup qualification against the national team of Turkey.
In 2015, Cynthia von Buhler's Speakeasy Dollhouse: Ziegfeld's Midnight Frolic is staged as an immersive play in the theater.
It has become a known venue for its underground music scene, and in particular, is known as being the center for Anti-folk in the United States.
In 1978 a group of philanthropists started the Williams Center Project which open the Center in 1982.
The stadium is always full of spectators every time PSCS Cilacap play the home game.
The Forest Opera is an open-air amphitheatre located in Sopot, Poland, with a capacity of 4400 seats, the orchestra pit can contain up to 110 musicians.
Sport complex JAR Stadium is a stadium located in Tashkent, Uzbekistan.
The pool and leisure centre includes a 25-metre swimming pool and weight room.
The Tennis Club Weissenhof is a tennis complex in Stuttgart, Germany.
Citibank Hall is a music theatre in the Santo Amaro neighbourhood, city of São Paulo, Brazil.
It is also the home stadium of ADO Den Haag.
It was officially opened in 1977 as "Weststadion".
Before the merge of Pezoporikos and EPA Larnaca into the new football club AEK Larnaca FC, it was also the home of those two clubs.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Sohar Club.
2002 - Men's basketball locker room renovated
In addition to performances, the civic center can host conferences and exhibits as well, with 5,800 square feet of meeting space.
Peltz set a site attendance record of 1,606 in his first of many cards at the Blue Horizon.
The Ellis Park Arena has 4,300 permanent seats which give all spectators an unobstructed view.
A temporary railway station at the Euroborg Stadium opened in late 2007, and a permanent one opened in 2013.
8BC was a nightclub, performance space, and art gallery located in the East Village neighborhood of New York, New York.
In 2005, Lance Mackey became the first Yukon Quest rookie to win the race, a feat that was repeated by 2011's champion, Dallas Seavey.
Within the village there exists an environment of collaborative learning and cultural learning, characteristic of Erasmus+ and similar international student programs.
The Hall was used for many important billiards and snooker matches, including 12 World Snooker Championship finals between 1930 and 1953.
Paterson's aspirations for a truly modern theatre addressing the needs of the entire community.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Comprest GIM Bucureşti and Electrica Bucureşti.
The court is named for hall of fame and former Cougars coach Guy V. Lewis.
Haslam later acquired and reopened Barrymore's, an Ottawa live music venue in 1996, and opened another short-lived club on Bank Street which was named Zaphod's 2.
The centre hosts the Welsh Open snooker tournament as well as international business conferences and exhibitions.
It has a total capacity of 2,200, with a seated Main Stand which holds around 250.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Sepidrood, who play in the League 2.
The venue remains under management of Live Nation and has two levels: a pit, and a balcony which is open for larger events.
Among its main recurring nights is Circoloco.
The venue accommodates small music festivals and non music related events.
At the time it was installed, only a few venues in the world had similar floors.
The Arena, which is owned by parent company, the NEC Group, is situated in central Birmingham.
Mimar Sinan Sport Hall is an indoor multi-purpose sport venue that is located in the Edirne, Turkey.
Verdão means Big Green in the Portuguese language.
Sialkot Hockey Stadium is a large Field Hockey stadium in Sialkot, Pakistan.
Terrein achter de Watertoren was a football stadium in Breda, Netherlands.
Noteworthy alumni include several Pennsylvania political representatives and CEOs of Fortune 500 companies.
It is mostly used for football matches, but is also equipped with an athletics track.
It was opened in 1967 and rebuilt and enlarged between 2007 and 2009.
The arena also hosts the biggest LAN party in Scania twice a year.
The stadium was built with help from the Jewish community of Baltimore, Maryland and named for the mayor of Baltimore, Thomas D'Alesandro.
It was the home venue of Hiatus.
Koshien South Ground is an athletic stadium in Nishinomiya, Hyogo, Japan.
The cinema replaces the Phoenix Arts Centre, and maintains strong links with De Montfort University.
And also safety curtain that holds Jacopo del Sellaio's The Triumph of Love.
Some big event such as music concert are also held in this stadium.
On 1 November 2014, the stadium hosted its first rugby league international when New Zealand played Samoa as part of the 2014 Rugby League Four Nations.
Kristiansand stadion is a multi-use stadium in Kristiansand, Norway.
It was built in 1988, and features an Olympic sized ice surface.
It was the first resident Chicago opera company.
Since 1999, the theatre has hosted The Lion King.
Rongcheng Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Rongcheng, China.
KBS Hall is a concert hall in the Korean Broadcasting System headquarters located in Yeouido, Seoul in South Korea.
The stadium was host to the 1962 NAIA Football National Champion Bronchos.
The arena has the biggest capacity of any arena in the Florida Panhandle.
Following the 2007-2008 renovations that saw the removal of bleacher seating, permanent seating capacity was reduced to 1,482.
While large and built in the European Baroque style, it is far simpler than the Parisian influenced Teatro Nacional one block east.
First Tennessee Park, a new ballpark which opened in 2015, was built for the Nashville Sounds Triple-A team on the site of the original ballpark.
It is one of 24 buildings on the Monmouth Heritage Trail.
The Garage is a live music and club venue in Highbury, north London.
The main office, as well as offices of most professors, graduate students, and a computer lab for HK students are all housed in Lambert.
The arena, which opened in 1969, is best known as the former home of the Auburn men's and women's basketball, women's gymnastics, and wrestling teams.
It hosts the China League One side, Nanjing Yoyo F.C..
It is part of the WestWorld complex.
When it was opened in 1991, it was the largest indoor arena in the UK.
The facility is named after Millie West, a contributor of over 50 years to William & Mary athletics.
Because the amphitheater is managed by the nineteen Native American Pueblos of New Mexico, it is not protected by state or local preservation laws.
John Leister ranked fourth in the Big Ten with 247 pass attempts and 14 interceptions, and fifth with 1,559 passing yards and 1,658 total yards.
The stadium, currently owned by the Municipality of Curicó, originally has a capacity of 4,000.
The Taganrog Drama Theater named after Anton Chekhov and decorated with Order of Honor is a traditional Russian drama theater based in Taganrog, Rostov Oblast.
The Palace was subsequently transformed for the presentation of widescreen Cinerama, which required the removal of 1,800 seats.
The Fortune Theatre is a 432-seat West End theatre on Russell Street, near Covent Garden, in the City of Westminster.
Both the track and stands were renovated in 2014 following a gift from the Grants that was the largest in Delaware athletics history
In 2006, the pool was filled in and now the wrestling team has their practice area where the pool used to be.
The moguls hill has a capacity for 12,000 spectators while the other two have a 15,000-person capacity.
However, this segment has been abandoned in 2012 and partially continued by a private theatre group called Mostar Youth Theatre 1974.
It is owned and operated by Serneke and the financial institution Prioritet Finans.
BEST OFF WEST END PRODUCTION What's On Stage Awards 2011
The theatre is located on Old Theatre Street in Valletta.
Home to the Metropolitan Opera Company, the facility also hosts the American Ballet Theatre in the summer months.
The theatre is located in the Uptown section of the city, at the intersection of Lawrence, Broadway and Racine.
Bleecker Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Albany, New York.
Then in 2011, the Continental Indoor Football League's Chicago Knights, moved to VSC due to a conflicts with the Odeum Expo Center.
Funny Girls is a burlesque cabaret showbar on the North Shore of Blackpool, Lancashire, England.
The company, along with the actor playing Scrooge, was featured in an interactive article on the New York Times' website.
Lou Brock Sports Complex is college athletic complex located in St. Charles Missouri that includes a baseball stadium and softball stadium.
It has a capacity of 1,500, and across the street from Capital Records Building.
Opened in 2012, the venue replaced the old Louis Guisto Field as the home of Saint Mary's baseball.
Until 2011, the arena was named Hala Rondo.
The previous owners tried by all means to dettach the team to the people of Mamelodi by changing the team from Mamelodi Sundowns to just Sundowns.
The Csiky Gergely Theatre is a theatre in Kaposvár, Hungary.
The 13 million dollar expansion to the facility will add space vertically and allow for a compressed natural gas filling station on their property.
The crowning achievement of the Bengt Sjostrom Theatre renovation was completed in June 2003—a motorized retractable roof.
The camp has a number of football fields, an indoor futsal pitch, a bodybuilding gym, classrooms, medical clinic, restaurant and dormitory.
Stadion Slana Bara is a multi-use stadium in Novi Sad, Vojvodina, Serbia.
A second arena, the Norma Bush Arena is attached to the facility, and has a 185 by 85 feet artificial ice surface.
York Theatre is an Off-Broadway theatre company base in East Midtown Manhattan, New York City.
Uí Bhraonáin, Tomás Mac Giolla Bhríghde, Seán Ó Casaide, Néilí Ó Maolagáin, Niall Ó Dufaigh, and Proinsias Ó Duibhir.
Wad Madani Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Wad Medani, Sudan.
It is located on O'Farrell Street in the Tenderloin neighborhood on the same block as the Mitchell Brothers O'Farrell Theatre.
The venue features 26,000 square feet of floor space with five bars and three different viewing levels of the stage.
Its former director, Allen "Puddler" Harris, is a former member of the bands of Ricky Nelson, Conway Twitty, and Jimmie Davis.
Baum Stadium replaced George Cole Field in April 1996.
It formerly hosted the year-ending WTA Tour Championships in 2008-2010.
Yüreğir Cultural Centre has the largest hall in Adana, with 1000-seater capacity, and it is used mostly for conferences.
In the summer of 1987 the East Stadium was demolished.
The theater operates a 195-seat, theater in the round that features musicals.
It has a seating capacity of 5,000 on Centre Court and 600 on Court 2.
The building was designed by architect Kjell Kosberg.
Nebraska Field's exact capacity is not recorded, but the largest recorded attendance was 16,000 in its final game, against Notre Dame on November 30, 1922.
The arena was and is a home to various entertainment events, conventions, and major events in other sports.
The facilities were restored some years ago.
Built in 1995 at a cost of $3.2 million, it hosts various livestock-related and other events.
It is currently used mostly for football and cricket matches and is the home ground of Al Jazira Club.
It was mostly used for football matches and was the home ground of I.K.
It hosted the Southland Conference men's basketball tournament in 1992 and 2004.
The facility opened in 1972 and was at that time the largest arena in the region.
The Ibn-e-Qasim Bagh Stadium, originally known as the Old Fort Stadium, is a multi-use stadium in Multan, Pakistan.
Verizon Wireless then purchased the naming rights in November 2006.
Hamar stadion is a former athletics, speed skating and bandy stadium in Hamar, Norway.
In 1998 it was converted into a music venue.
Sydney Entertainment Centre was a multi-purpose arena located in Haymarket, Sydney, Australia.
It was founded on 25 April 1920, as Tătărași Popular Athenaeum, under the management of Constantin N. Ifrim.
It is located near O'Hare International Airport, Allstate Arena and Donald E. Stephens Convention Center.
It has subsequently spawned a successor event called 'Pressure', which occupies Homegrown's original venue and schedule, hosted by SFR, Hyphen, and RudeOne.
It was designed and built in the 1920s as a movie palace styled in neoclassical Persian and Moorish architecture.
During one such event in 2003, a fire caused by a leaking LPG cylinder injured 27 people.
The stadium is named after Ion Moina, the fastest sprinter in Europe in 1948.
It is currently used mostly for football matches, but also hosts the annual Gibraltar Music Festival.
Since November 1998, it has served as a venue for productions of the Roundabout Theatre Company and retains the name Studio 54.
The Forum at Fishers Ice Arena is an arena and recreational sport facility located in Fishers, Indiana.
The theatre works closely with its sister venue the Old Joint Stock Theatre in Birmingham, on co-productions with professional theatre companies.
In four to six hours, the indoor track-and-field can be changed to an indoor football practice field, including target goalposts for placekicking practice.
The construction begin in 2001 and finished in 2004 to host the 2004 Indonesia National Games.
It has a total floor area of 10,880 square metres, a maximum capacity of 14,000 seats /16,000 standing+seats and high ceiling clearance of 19 metres.
It was a major center for folk music in the 1960s, and subsequently for singer-songwriters and rock.
It is mostly used mostly for football matches and it hosted the home matches of Wydad Casablanca of the Botola until the Stade Mohamed V opened.
On November 20, 2008, the demolition process began, and was planned to be finished in the spring of 2009.
The construction project cost of approximately $785,000.
His ghost is said to inhabit the theatre.
The track is a loam surface having been converted from grass in the 1990s.
It was the home stadium of Qingdao Yizhong Hainiu and Qingdao Hailifeng.
Combined, the centre totals 20,000 square feet.
The Pavilion was designed by architect Frank Gehry and landscape architect Peter Walker.
The restaurant has been featured as a location on ABC's drama Nashville, and has hosted musicians such as Dierks Bentley, Garth Brooks and Kate Taylor.
The National Opera and Ballet Theatre of Moldova in Chişinău, Moldova, is one of the leading opera and ballet theatres in Eastern Europe.
This was later demolished to extend the pitch to 100 metres in length.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
The stadium was completed in 2007 as part of Phase II of the Ciudad Deportiva, a new sports complex that also houses the Estadio Nuevo Laredo.
The stadium is also used for local high school sporting events and other community events.
The seating capacity of the stadium is 2,500 seats.
For the Bears, the new off-campus facility replaced the smaller Carroll Field as the home football game location, where they had played from 1930 to 1935.
Formerly home to the Tennessee River Sharks of the National Indoor Football League.
It also hosted the Brazilian national football team in its preparation for the 1982 FIFA World Cup.
Theâtre de l'Étoile du Nord also known as the North Star Theatre, is a theatre in the centre of Tunis, Tunisia.
The former Geronimo Motor Company building is one of a few buildings that was torn down for parking accommodations.
Estádio Governador Roberto Santos, usually known as Estádio de Pituaçu, is a football stadium located in Salvador, Bahia state, Brazil.
The Cardiff venue has won the Chortle Award for best venue eight times since the awards began in 2002.
Avtokomanda is an indoor sports arena located in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia.
Garth Newel Music Center is a 501c3 not-for-profit educational institute located on a 114-acre mountainside property near Hot Springs in Bath County, Virginia.
Athletics Center O'rena is a 3,000-seat multi-purpose arena in Auburn Hills, Michigan.
It is one of the Ten Great Buildings constructed in 1959 for the 10th anniversary of the People's Republic of China.
Nizwa Sports Complex is a multi-use stadium in Nizwa, Oman.
The deal brings to close a multi-year search by the Gardens' owners for a new buyer – and ends a 67-year legacy.
In 1991, the venue was expanded to 14,000 seats to make it the largest arena of its type in Oregon at that time.
The Bahl Family Auditorium was restored to its original 1929 splendor.
The auditorium is on two tiers with the stalls heavily raked.
The facilities are available to the public year round.
The Ohio Theatre is a theater on Euclid Avenue in downtown Cleveland, Ohio, part of Playhouse Square.
It was founded in 1959 by Harry Barberian and is now owned by his son, Arron Barberian.
One of the opening scenes shows Green Bay Packers linebacker A. J. Hawk running across the turf at Dragon Stadium.
Olympic Stadium is a stadium in Hoquiam, Washington which opened in 1938.
It is named after Palermo magistrate and Mafia victim Paolo Borsellino.
City Bank Stadium is a turf surface.
It is used mainly for Macau First Division Football League matches and athletics.
The stadium was razed in 1999 and replaced with Shaw Millennium Park, including a greenspace and skateboard park.
As late as the 1970s, bands such as Mud, Showaddywaddy and the Bay City Rollers played here.
Noted artists who have performed at the club include Pete Seeger, Serena Ryder, Sylvia Tyson, Odetta, Jane Siberry, Ron Sexsmith, Maria Muldaur and Richie Havens.
The chairs were a white and black colour and on one terrace they spell out AC Cesena.
Trinity Repertory Company is a non-profit regional theater located at 201 Washington Street in Providence, Rhode Island.
Artists that perform regularly at the Sidewalk Cafe include: Elastic No-No Band, Dots Will Echo and Schwervon!.
The Theatre has a seating capacity of 547 and offers a professional programme of innovative music, drama, comedy and dance all year round.
The park was a major venue for the 2006 Women's Rugby World Cup, hosting nine pool matches, both semifinals, and four classification matches.
In 2003, the Dakota moved to downtown Minneapolis on Nicollet Mall.
The Paper Heart Gallery has been featured in the Phoenix New Times and the Arizona Republic.
It is located in Puebla, Puebla, Mexico.
The diamond was dedicated to him on February 19, 2006.
The Center is the home of the Philadelphia Orchestra, one of America's "Big Five" symphony orchestras and regarded as one of the best in the world.
Billingsley originally built the well-known Cub Room as a private place where he could play cards with friends.
Jermyn Street Theatre is a performance venue situated in Jermyn Street, London.
Focus were the last band to play the original Cavern a few days before the club was shut down.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
Jesse M. Robredo who died in a plane crash.
The ballpark was constructed and mainly suited for high school, and amateur baseball.
By this time, Leandro Fernández de Moratín premiered La comedia nueva at Teatro del Príncipe.
The theatre is the home of the annual Sanremo festivals.
Charles J Berkel Memorial Stadium is a sport stadium in Leavenworth, Kansas.
The Yakima Valley SunDome is a 6,195 seat multi-purpose arena in Yakima, Washington, USA.
New Brookland Tavern is a bar and music venue located in West Columbia, South Carolina.
Steve Hyman was named Executive Director in May 2014.
Zorky Stadium is a sports venue in Krasnogorsk, Moscow Oblast, Russia.
The arena holds 800 people, and it is primarily used for basketball and volleyball.
Lights were installed prior to the 1937 baseball season, and the opener was a night game.
Opened in 1908, it served as the main venue for large public events in Des Moines for four decades.
The stadium was officially opened on 22 July 2009, with a friendly game between Dugopolje and Hajduk Split.
It was built in 2002 and has a capacity of 2,000.
Pratt Field was the home of the Texas Collegiate League Mineral Wells Steam from 2004 to 2007 and is located in Mineral Wells, TX.
The 19-acre site will be repurposed, its leaders said, for future light manufacturing.
The Spanish national team have also played matches at the stadium.
It is the second indoor/outdoor concert venue in America.
Beaver Stadium is an outdoor college football stadium in University Park, Pennsylvania, United States, on the campus of The Pennsylvania State University.
Constructed in 1906, it originally housed the agricultural college, administrative offices and the experiment station.
Swansea Grand Theatre is a performing arts venue in the centre of Swansea, Wales.
It is home to the Waterfront Concert Series, KahBang Music and Art Festival and American Folk Festival.
The Comedy Theatre of Budapest is a theatre in Budapest.
Lavanttal-Arena is a football stadium in Wolfsberg, Austria.
Mavuso Sports Centre is a multi-use stadium in Manzini, Swaziland.
Alice M. Noble, the ice arena's namesake, died on Friday, November 26, 2010 at the age of 95.
soon after they moved across London to Arsenal Stadium, Highbury.
C. Douglas Cairns Recreation Arena, more commonly known as Cairns Arena, is a 600-seat hockey arena in South Burlington, Vermont.
The Rosemont Theatre is a concert hall in Rosemont, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago.
It is one of the most modern stadia in Saxony-Anhalt.
It was built in 1919 and serves as home stadium for NK GOŠK Dubrovnik football club.
The theatre had a stage of 28' 6" square.
It is situated in Herning and is the home of FC Midtjylland.
It hosted three of the 17 matches of the 1934 FIFA World Cup, including the final between hosts Italy and Czechoslovakia on 10 June 1934.
The capacity of the stadium is 4000, where 1200 are seated.
Georgios Kalafatis Sports Center is the training ground and academy base of the Greek football club Panathinaikos since 2013.
The speech was as a part of the future President's campaign to win the Wyoming Democratic Party caucus, which he did win the following day.
The first Eredivisie game against NAC Breda was won 8–1 by the home team with the German midfielder Simon Cziommer scoring a hat-trick.
The swimming team continued to host events there until the construction of the Campus Recreation and Wellness Center in 2010.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is used as the home stadium for Persik Kediri.
Junction 1 is mainly a live music venue, though it also hosts more popular comedians and club nights.
The Rat was also considered important for its contribution to the Hardcore movement.
Two separate controversies led to the opening of the venue.
The theatre is located in West Street, near Shaftesbury Avenue, in the West End of London.
It closed in the 1980s as a triplex theatre and was later used as a gymnastics studio.
Juvenia Stadium is a rugby union stadium in Kraków, Poland.
There is a club house located in the reserve, but no stadium facilities.
It was built in 1930 by the team; now city-owned, it has been named since 1990 after the long-standing Düsseldorf and national football player Paul Janes.
The Tennis Stadium Rochusclub is a tennis complex located in Düsseldorf in Germany.
The theatre predominantly receives hires by local amateur dramatic groups, as well as films, professional shows for children and other arts activities.
The complex was closed for use due to leaking water from the pool beds down to the basement as reported in October 2015.
Two grand opera companies in Chicago have gone by the name Chicago Grand Opera Company
The hall has a seating capacity of 2,500 spectators.
The venue has held many concerts by Spanish singers, such as Luz Casal or El Cigala.
In addition, the theatre offers a wide range of visiting drama, music, dance, talks, comedy and film.
Afula Illit Stadium, is a football stadium in Afula, Israel.
In addition to baseball, Joe W. Davis Stadium has been used for high school football, monster truck rallies, and concerts.
The choice of productions is wide and varied and in 2012 included works by William Shakespeare, Martin McDonagh, Alan Ayckbourn, Alan Bennett and Arthur Miller.
They operated under this label until August 8, 1840, when the name was changed to National Theatre of Hungary.
In 1956 it was acquired by and is home to a resident company, the English Stage Company.
It is the home ground of Stavanger IF Fotball.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and hosts the home games of Sharkia SC.
The Morgantown Municipal Ice Arena or Morgantown Ice Arena is a 400-seat multi purpose arena located in White Park in Morgantown, West Virginia.
The facility also houses a 1,800-seat Ice Arena that is home to the Buffalo State Bengals men's and women's ice hockey teams.
André Kamperveen Stadium formerly the National Stadion is a multi-purpose stadium in Paramaribo, Suriname.
The opening production was See How They Run.
The Orange Peel is a music venue located in downtown Asheville, North Carolina.
It has a maximum capacity of 11,000 people.
It has hosted NPC finals and semi-finals.
The Sony Centre for the Performing Arts is a major performing arts venue in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and it is the country's largest soft-seat theatre.
The basketball arena seats 3,600, and has hosted the Patriot League men's basketball tournament numerous times.
Edinburgh Folk Club is the principle folk club within the Scottish capital city, Edinburgh.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and was used as a venue for the 1992 AFC Asian Cup.
Yumenoshima Stadium is a 5,050-capacity multi-use stadium located on Yumenoshima in Tokyo Bay.
Its facilities include a 155-seat black box performance space and a gallery space for audio and visual exhibitions.
Hordern Pavilion is a building located in Moore Park, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, on the grounds of the old Sydney Showground.
The centre has 15 exhibition halls with a visitor capacity of 25,000–30,000 a day.
The capacity of the stadium is 22,340 spectators.
The Trib Total Media Amphitheatre at Station Square was an outdoor music pavilion at Station Square in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
In 1957 a new stand with 2500 seats was added.
Palace Sports and Entertainment, which owns the Detroit Pistons, The Palace of Auburn Hills, and operates Meadow Brook Music Festival, purchased the amphitheater in 1990.
It was founded on February 24, 1974.
The 94,000-square-foot arena contains a 19,000-square-foot wooden arena floor.
The venue is currently owned by Tim Betts.
In 1985, the center was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Darts The Hull Arena also played host to the WINMAU World Masters 2011 Darts.
Oakes Oval is a cricket ground in Lismore, New South Wales, Australia.
Despite its small size, the arena traps in noise, and distracts the opposing team.
For the past ten years the building has come to be known as "The House that Marty Built" after the Connecticut Hockey Coach Mr. Marty Roos.
The stadium has capacity of 25,000 people.
The theatre closed in 1958-59, and was only opened for special events.
Stand Up NY is a comedy club located in Manhattan’s Upper West Side on 236 West 78th street.
The stadium holds 25,111 people and was built in 2002.
The Tavastia Club is a popular rock music club in Helsinki, Finland.
Its southwestern portion is now the location of the Mansfield Library, completed in 1978.
The amphitheater was named in honor of Central Oregon businessman Les Schwab, a graduate of Bend High School.
It was rumored that the noise reached 100.3 decibels during an upset of then-#1 North Carolina in the 2015-16 season.
It is used for concerts, local community events and local high school graduations.
The Schiller Theater Building was designed by Louis Sullivan and Dankmar Adler of the firm Adler & Sullivan for the German Opera Company.
The theatre also works with students from Bath Spa University.
It hosts a variety of entertainment events such as the showing of films, plays or musical performances.
The seasonal venue was built in 1977 and it features a characteristic wooden roof, covering the 7,500-seat pavilion and a sprawling lawn.
After the Olympics, artificial turf was installed and it became the home of Montreal's professional baseball and football teams.
Symphony Hall is a multi-purpose performing arts venue, located in Downtown Phoenix, Arizona, United States.
The arena is currently home to the Birmingham Blitz of the American Basketball Association and Alabama Outlawz of X-League Indoor Football.
The Detroit Mechanix of the American Ultimate Disc League use the facility as well.
Mile One Centre is an indoor arena and entertainment venue located in downtown St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Seventy percent of the seating is under cover.
Buster Bonoff opened the theatre in 1955 on the site of an open field.
The Pavilion is named after Ermal Fraze, late resident of Kettering and inventor of the pop-top beverage can.
The Max Bell Centre is an ice hockey arena in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, in the community of Radisson Heights.
An extensive renovation restored the building to new splendour in 1983.
The main entrance has the cab of a truck projecting out over the doors to the venue.
It opened in 1952 with a construction cost of nearly $3 million.
The theatre fell into disuse and disrepair some time during the 19th century and became a sweet factory until the late 1950s.
The Alhambra opened with Yvonne Guilbert from France and specialised in variety, including artistes from America, Australia and Continental Europe.
In early 2014, Diamond Nation made proposals to build another complex in Fredericksburg, Virginia that would be home to Minor League Baseball team, Hagerstown Suns.
Snobs is a nightclub in Birmingham, England.
Pianist Vladimir Horowitz gave one of his first international performances in 1926; violinist Yehudi Menuhin gave a guest performance in 1930 at the age of twelve.
The stadium currently holds 15,062 people and was built in 1966.
It was constructed as the Denver Municipal Auditorium in 1908 during the administration of Denver Mayor Robert W. Speer.
Meridian Park is a multi-purpose entertainment venue in Cleethorpes, North East Lincolnshire, United Kingdom.
The Royal Hall is an important national heritage building, with Harrogate acknowledged as a top UK event destination and home to Harrogate International Centre.
The Centre is the home venue for the Pacific Symphonic Wind Ensemble and the Coastal Sound Music Academy.
Shutter Reserve is a sporting venue located in Adelaide, Australia.
It is a major kabuki venue, though other types of performances take place there as well.
Club One is a night club located in Savannah, Georgia, famous for its drag shows featuring The Lady Chablis.
Despite performances by casts including Sarah Bernhardt, the ballerina Anna Pavlova and Mrs. Patrick Campbell, the theatre was rarely very profitable.
It is the home venue for the Kannapolis Intimidators, the Class A affiliate of the Chicago White Sox.
It opened in 1905 and was home to the Northwestern Wildcats football team prior to the Dyche Stadium opening in 1926.
In 1960, it was purchased by the producer Lester Osterman., who sold it to producers Stephen R. Friedman and Irwin Meyer in 1978.
It is also one of the main sites for the annual Borderlines Film Festival.
Franklin & Marshall College is a private co-educational residential liberal arts college in the Northwest Corridor neighborhood of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, United States.
BEST ENTERTAINMENT Off West End Awards 2011
The complex also includes bars and restaurants.
UVA legend Ralph Sampson sank ceremonial "last baskets" at U-Hall, dunking twice during postgame festivities.
The Center consists of 5 separate areas:
In July 2012, the new Network Rail headquarters on the site became operational.
Rival Sons, Jane's Addiction, Iggy Pop, Lenny Kravitz, Biffy Clyro, Greg Allman, Arkells among other touring acts of the time played the Cannery.
Swonder Ice Arena is an arena and recreational sport facility in Evansville, Indiana.
The 8,000-seat brick facility opened in 1989.
It hosted the ice hockey team Pinebridge Bucks of the Atlantic Coast Hockey League from 1983 to 1985.
It is run as a trust by Nuneaton Arts Council.
It is located in the northwest part of campus along with most all other athletics facilities.
Before being named Curve, it was referred to as Leicester Performing Arts Centre.
It is one of the most established, famous, and recognized stand-up comedy clubs in the United States.
The shows of the theatre are mainly from the Russian works of art and literature with some shows of Armenian classical writers.
The Fridge closed on 17 March 2010 and has no link with Electric Brixton which now occupies the building.
A former National Football League venue, it was the site of the first National Football League game on September 26, 1920.
The compilation included Specimen, Sexbeat, Test Dept., Patti Palladin, James T. Pursey, Meat of Youth, Brilliant, Alien Sex Fiend, and The Venomettes.
It is the official stadium for Malaysian Super League's club Kedah FA.
The stadium is able to hold 16,000 people and opened in 1932.
Shahid Mofatteh Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Hamedan, Iran.
As is increasingly common in Norway, the new surface is artificial.
A jukebox stocked with the latest hit records also was available.
The stadium has a capacity of 10,000 people.
The venue was specially designed for amplified music by architect Frits van Dongen of Architekten Cie.
It is named for Dr. George L. Manley, a University trustee and graduate of the College of Medicine, who was the benefactor of the building.
The Britannia Theatre was located at 115/117 High Street, Hoxton, London.
An annual event, the Chili Festival in late fall featured election of a presiding "Chili Queen."
It first became the King's Theatre in 1714 on the accession of George I.
The Chalkiopoulio Sports Hall or Lamia Arena is an indoor sporting arena that is located in the city of Lamia, Greece.
The venue hosted the Norwegian Athletics Championships in 1970, 1996 and 2012.
Milam Stadium located in Weatherford, Oklahoma is the home stadium of the NCAA Division II college football team the Bulldogs of Southwestern Oklahoma State University.
It has subsequently been renamed to ECTB Stadium at Earl F. Hunsicker Bicentennial Park in 2005.
Si Jalak Harupat Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium located in Soreang, Bandung Regency, West Java, Indonesia.
The stadium hosted two of the four home games of the qualifying campaign with matches against the national teams of Norway and Iceland.
Hull Arena is an ice rink, in the city of Kingston upon Hull, England.
The rink also was the site of the 1999 and 2002 MAAC hockey championships.
It is the home of the Orihuela CF football team.
The theatre primarily performs plays written in or translated into Nynorsk.
The main hall of the old building has been integrated into the new building.
With the interior rebuilt in the same year, it re-opened as The Grand Theatre.
Pre-earthquake, the centre had 39 courts altogether, six indoor Rebound Ace courts, twenty-five outdoor hard courts and eight natural grass courts.
Stereo nightclub is an afterhours club in Montreal, Canada which primarily features house music and techno.
Built in 1936, until 2011 it was known as Prapor Stadium.
The Coldplay EP Trouble - Norwegian Live EP was recorded at the venue.
Qualified for the playoff round, the Turkish team will play their first leg match against the Danish nationals at the venue.
The Hulme Hippodrome, originally known as the Grand Junction Theatre and Floral Hall, opened in Preston Street, Hulme, Manchester, on 7 October 1901.
The Criterion Theatre is situated in Earlsdon, Coventry, England.
The arena, which opened in 1985, has a capacity of up to 19,000.
Herti Allmend Stadion is a multi-use stadium in Zug, Switzerland.
It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Al-Ahli of the Sudan Premier League.
The performances were often presented on a “continuous show” basis.
It was completed in 2008, and is built around Skienshallen from 1968.
Researchers found out that it was donated to the Lowell Memorial Auditorium in 1929 by Mary Sawyer Knapp.
The studio is known for hosting many punk rock bands, with Stevenson and Livermore serving as in-house audio engineers and record producers.
Since 2005, the InfoShop has featured public programs with "up-and-coming and internationally known authors."
The building houses a digital exhibition space and digital production facilities, two cinema screens, a screen room and screen lounge.
There had been talk of tearing the building down, but that disappeared after the '09 Legionnaires drew more than 50,000 fans to their games.
Located across the St. Croix River from historic Stillwater, Minnesota, the venue consists of 160 acres of land.
It hosted the 2014 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships
It was built during the 1960s and inaugurated by President General Ayub Khan.
It has been used for numerous music concerts and sporting events, notably the Group C games for the 2006 FIBA World Championship.
It is the home of Vetlanda BK.
Bucaspor played its first official match at the stadium against Çorumspor on 18 January 2009.
If Geary has not begun management by the deadline, then Spectra will begin their own renovations and the agreement with the IceMen will be voided.
The Mohegan Sun Arena is a 10,000 seat multi-purpose arena in Uncasville, Connecticut located inside Mohegan Sun.
Lietuvos rytas Arena is a 2,500-seat basketball arena in Vilnius, Lithuania, built next to Siemens Arena.
Petrillo was a commissioner of the Chicago Park District from 1934 to 1945.
There are plans to build a 5,000-capacity arena near the "Lakhish park", In the north of the city.
It is home to the Mercyhurst University Lakers Men's and Women's ice hockey teams.
The facility includes six indoor courts and stadium seating.
Each year, it hosts the Little League World Series, along with Little League Volunteer Stadium.
By the early 1970s, the theatre had declined and was slated for demolition by its owner, Jefferson Pilot Corporation, now Lincoln National Corporation.
It is the oldest operating small theater in the valley.
It is currently used for football matches and is the home stadium of FC Mulhouse.
Some extra seats were installed before the Finnish ice hockey elite league qualification series in spring 2009.
The stadium currently has a capacity of 15,000 people, but has the ability to be expanded to hold 30,000 people.
This is a smaller, candle-lit space based on the indoor playhouses of Jacobean London.
It has achieved notability outside its local area, having hosted such bands as The Stone Roses, Radiohead, Green Day and Oasis, in its ongoing 30-year history.
Townsville Sports Reserve is a multi-use stadium located in Townsville, Australia.
Elm Park was a football stadium in the West Reading district of Reading, Berkshire, England.
The main auditorium seats 562 people and the Studio seats 157 people.
Like other dive bars, such as Patrick "Burly" Bohan's The Doctor's, The Dump provided sleeping quarters, or "velvet rooms", for its customers.
Racer Arena remained home to the Murray State men's and women's basketball teams until they moved to the venue now known as CFSB Center in 1998.
The Urawa Komaba Stadium is an athletic stadium in Urawa-ku, Saitama, Saitama, Japan.
On November 16, 2013, it hosted Italy’s end-of-year rugby union international against Fiji and won 37 - 31.
The sport hall was built by Enka Foundation and donated to Aliağa Municipality.
The arrival of “talking pictures” in the late 1920s resulted in the eventual elimination of the live portion of the program.
Later in the 1980s, the second phase of the construction was completed by the efforts of then-president José Manuel Bango.
Fiolent, was the home ground of the now defunct Ukrainian football club of FC Ihroservice Simferopol.
The building was opened by Kyushu Electric Power in 1964, and transferred to the city of Fukuoka in 2003, with the land loaned at no cost.
The land was bought by Jose Raventós, who dreamed of building a theatre in which to produce zarzuelas, usually comic) Spanish operettas.
It hosted drag queen shows, live music, special events, and viewing parties.
Entertainment – adult and child including pantomime
The venue is primarily used for sports and concerts.
Telus has pledged to invest 5M$ in improvements to the club over the next decade, as part of the corporate rebranding effort.
The Grugahalle was the main venue for the 82nd Katholikentag in September 1968, and in 1969 for the convention of the German Communist Party.
The Mighty Boosh played here numerous times in their early comedy career
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of CE Europa.
Estadio Mendocino de Hockey is a field hockey stadium in Mendoza, Argentina.
The theatre hosted the nineteenth Molière Awards on 9 May 2005.
The Playhouse Theatre, originally known as the Hulme Hippodrome, was built in Hulme, Manchester, between 1901 and 1902 and opened on 6 October 1902.
It was also featured in Season 1 of the 2007 television series Mad Men, in the episode "5G".
At present it seats 915 on four levels, although originally it was designed with a seating capacity of 1,306.
The Osaka Nagai Second Stadium is the support stadium for the Nagai Stadium in Nagai Park, Higashisumiyoshi-ku, Osaka, Japan.
Jacques Seligmann & Co. was a French and American art dealer and gallery specializing in decorative art and antiques.
It originally opened in 1928, running films until 1970.
It was built in 1930 in a short time period of six weeks.
In 1918, it was bought by Dobie's Electric Theatres.
The Bay Theatre is also home to a Wurlitzer organ which is used for concerts and silent film screenings.
On this stadium also played CA Oradea.
Originally named the Raventós Theater, it was renamed in 1986 to honor famous Costa Rican tenor Manuel "Melico" Salazar.
Contact is a professional  theatre and arts venue situated on Oxford Road in Manchester.
It was initially used as the stadium of Denmark national football team and Kjøbenhavns Boldklub.
Akçaabat Fatih Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Akçaabat district of Trabzon, Turkey.
In the offseason of 2013, the field was upgraded with new artificial turf.
The facility was named for William J. Hale, who served as TSU's first president.
The capacity of the arena is 2,600 spectators.
In addition to the aforemented events, Bank of the Cascades Center can also accommodate volleyball, motorsports, wrestling, conventions and trade shows.
The project was conceived by the Italian architect Roberto Copa, and the industrialist Charles Bluhdorn.
It was designed by the firm of Liebenberg and Kaplan.
The stadium opened its doors on November 26, 2007 for the artistic Gymnastics test event.
Founding members were Susan Bachemin, Elizabeth Evers, Jane Fine, Matthew Harrison, Michael Kaniecki, Robert McGrath, Heidi Marben, Laurie Olinder, and Joe Vinson.
The Patinoire René Froger is an indoor sporting arena located in the Parc des Sports in Briançon, France.
The stadium holds 11,000 spectators but is being expanded to 18,000.
It offers an eclectic mix of local and national acts ranging from DIY, avant garde music, indie rock, and jazz to pop music and electronic music.
The football and track teams had already been playing on the site since 1941, but with temporary bleachers for seating.
Although the Palace includes some atmospheric features in its design it is not considered an atmospheric theatre.
Over its life, the theatre has hosted large-scale musicals, ballet, opera, Shakespearean plays and many other events.
Peyia Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Peyia, Cyprus.
The Theatre is situated in the Queen Elizabeth Building, which also has an administration building and an exhibition hall.
It is also one of the secondary home court of the Philippine Patriots in the ASEAN Basketball League.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
An underground parking garage is below the stadium grounds that will serve visitors to the stadium plus daily campus parking needs.
The 13th Note Café is a restaurant, bar and music venue in Glasgow, Scotland.
This year the big reconstruction is to be started - the tender will be led on 21st of August 2007.
The theatre currently seats 1,371 and hosts a busy programme of touring drama, West End shows and stand-up comedy.
The stadium holds 15,000 people.This stadium is popularly known as "Kalutara Park Ground".This stadium is located in the heart of Kalutara city.
In 1906, the theatre became known as the Holborn Empire.
Both structures are listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
It is used mostly for track and field events.
It stood vacant until the end of WWII, when it became a high-end retail store.
The venue is notable for being where Amy Winehouse and Adele made their U.S. headlining concert debuts.
Adjacent to the Hanlan's Point Amusement Park, the site was in use for various sports until the late 1930s.
River City Ice Theatre competed at the 2012 U.S.
Today, the hall is used as a community centre and performance space.
Aretha Franklin filmed her successful HBO concert there in 1985.
The arena was named after Mark Grossinger Etess, a former president and COO of Trump Plaza.
The original plywood stage was demolished ca.
Taraz Central Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Taraz, Kazakhstan.
Eventually, the university abandoned the plans to convert the armory into its primary arena, and instead focused on renovating the current arena, the Daskalakis Athletic Center.
The Co-Optimists played at the theatre after the war as did Noël Coward's The Vortex.
Linder Stadium at the Ring Tennis Complex is the intercollegiate tennis facility at the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida.
In 2004 this stadium hosted several games of the Copa Libertadores.
Mubarak International Stadium is an all-seated association football stadium in Suez, Egypt.
The Foundation has been especially active in supporting the musicians victimized by Hurricane Katrina.
The Danube Palace is a Neo-Baroque concert hall located in the Inner City of Budapest, Hungary.
Atlanta Silverbacks Park is a soccer complex in unincorporated DeKalb County just outside of Atlanta.
The stadium has a maximum capacity of 15,000 people.
Mohammed Al-Hamad Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Hawally, Kuwait.
It is currently used primarily for football matches and hosts the home matches of Atenas de San Carlos of the Primera División Uruguaya.
The Northampton Mayor and Smith College President serve on the board, as was Lyman’s wish.
Completed in January 2012, it is used mostly for football matches with the capability of hosting Olympic Games.
Lowe's Route 35 Drive-In was a drive-in theater located on Route 35 in Hazlet, New Jersey.
The Edgar Centre is a large multi-purpose indoor sports venue in South Dunedin, New Zealand, on the shore of Otago Harbour close to Andersons Bay Inlet.
The Majestic Theatre is a 600-capacity live music venue in downtown Madison, Wisconsin.
Its focus is to be a safe all-ages venue that also provides after-school activities such as recording, film editing, art, dance, and much more.
The name is a homage to the former Belo Horizonte's mayor, former Minas Gerais governor and former Brazilian president Juscelino Kubitschek.
It is also the home of the Buck Owens Museum, which contains items related to his career.
Stadion Dragan Nikolić, commonly known as Stadion kraj Nišave, is a multi-purpose stadium in Pirot, Serbia.
It seats approximately 8,500 in its usual configuration.
The Cars Jeans Stadion is a multi-use stadium in The Hague, Netherlands, designed by Zwarts & Jansma Architects.
The university was founded in 1858 by Benjamin Kurtz as the Lutheran-based Missionary Institute paired with a sister college, the Susquehanna Female College.
Today it is one of New York's leading live music and entertainment venues, under the management of the Madison Square Garden Company.
The arena, which was completed in 1967 by Minnesota Ice, just to the north of Metropolitan Stadium, seated 15,000.
The theatre itself operated from 1952 to 1959, but the institution has a much longer history.
It has undergone two major renovations since then.
Artrix is an arts venue in Bromsgrove, England, located on School Drive just outside the town centre.
The field officially opened on April 1, 2000, when UMass posted a 5-2 victory over Princeton.
The stage is a proscenium and thrust stage and measures 24.21m wide and 7.92m deep.
Venice Theatre is a community theater in Venice, Florida, United States.
Rothstein Theatres, who built the Roxy in Saskatoon, used the name in many of their locations.
April 20, 2012, marked Fenway Park's centennial.
Actress-singer Nell Campbell was its namesake and longtime proprietress.
John S. Glas Fieldhouse is a 2,399-seat hockey arena in Bemidji, Minnesota, United States.
It will have 213.40 square m. There will be a fitness hall of 86.26 square m as well, on the same level with the main courts.
It also houses the Bilbao Symphony Orchestra, founded in 1920.
The football clubs currently using the stadium as their home ground are NK Čakovec and NK Međimurje.
After the opening of Ohio Stadium, Ohio Field was torn down.
Stadio Breda is a multi-use stadium in Sesto San Giovanni, Italy.
Primarily it is a performance venue for country western music, although other music genres have been heard there.
The stadium features a single grandstand which also has press room.
The Delort Stadium is a sporting ground where various Marseilles teams play.
The ice can be artificially frozen since 1986.
Commonly described as an Edwardian Theatre, it was built in 1898 and was designed by the Borough Engineer J W Cockrill.
In 2007 Live Theatre underwent a further capital development.
Y Touring Theatre Company was a national touring theatre company which produced original plays and debates exploring contemporary issues.
Funded by Peoples Natural Gas for The Johnstown Area Heritage Association.
In the 2016-17 season, tenants CAU drew an average home league attendance of 15,000.
Phil Kieran is a former resident and regular guest at the club.
It has also hosted the NCAA Women's Soccer Championship on several occasions.
It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball.
Both ends are undeveloped and are used as parking spaces for team buses.
It is primarily used for football matches.
It is currently used primarily for football matches, and it is the home of Banfield of the Argentine Primera División.
Also the Motherwell reserve and under-19 teams have played some of their home games at the ground.
Live Theatre formerly Live Theatre Company is a theatre and company based in Newcastle upon Tyne, England.
The construction of the leisure centre is also complete and it opened to the public in October 2014.
Semeru Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in the town of Lumajang, Indonesia.
The soccer and track stadium in the Ernst-Abbe-Sportfeld is the home field of FC Carl Zeiss Jena.
Inside the Base, there are three and a half standard size football pitch, as well as an indoor football arena covered with artificial turf.
Parkwood won the contract to manage the facility for 10 years, with a projected turnover of £2.5m each year.
On August 1, 2013, the complex changed its name to Fraser Hockeyland and a partnership with the Coca-Cola Company resulting in the five rinks changing names.
The Drama Club was awarded Alfréd Radok Award in category Theatre of the Year in 2002, and 2008.
Estadio Bautista Gargantini is a multi-use stadium in Mendoza, Argentina.
It comprises three main performance venues, together with the Hayward Gallery, and is Europe’s largest centre for the arts.
In 2009, the stadium underwent a major reconstruction in which a new stand was built and the stadium now has a capacity of 2,060 seats.
The Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League also use the stadium for training during the spring and summer.
It is the home venue of the Paris-Levallois Basket basketball team and the Open Gaz de France women's tennis tournament.
Katy Clark is now president, succeeding Hopkins who retired in spring 2015.
Open on summer weekends, the drive-in can accommodate up to 1200 people and 500 vehicles.
In 1734, the first ballet was presented.
It is a midsized regional theatre, having a seating capacity of 400.
It also carries one of the best water drainage systems in the country.
The Heinrich Germer Stadium is a stadium in the Magdeburg quarter of Sudenburg that is mostly used for hosting association football matches.
Apart from the planned football stadium, Swissporarena, there were also plans for a sports centre with a gymnasium, indoor pool and fitness center.
Over the years the association has kept the pace in improving its facilities with the aim of offering top quality facilities to its members and fans.
Since its opening in 1953, the stadium has been the official home stadium of both football teams S.V.
Every Christmas, Robin Ince plays host to his Nine Lessons and Carols for Godless People, a festival of science, music and comedy.
The Coliseum Theatre is a cinema in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
The stadium no longer exists, having been demolished and replaced by a new headquarters building for Network Rail.
The eighth IAAF World Cup in Athletics was held at the stadium in 1998.
The Old Vic is the crucible of many of the performing arts companies and theatres in London today.
But even this material has only been in the public domain since 1983, when historian Janet S. Loengard discovered neglected legal documents revealing this information.
Ciutat Esportiva Juan Ángel Romero is the training ground and academy base of the Spanish football club Elche CF.
The theater hosts many popular American and international music artists.
The whole building is now accessible for the first time for all visitors, performers and staff.
Vestjysk BANK Arena is an indoor sports arena in Lemvig, Denmark.
The arena is owned by Dodge City and by Ford County.
Naming rights were sold to Comcast in 2007, who renamed the arena to Comcast Arena at Everett.
Kochi Haruno Athletic Stadium, is a multi-purpose stadium in Haruno, Kōchi, Japan.
Jesse Owens was an American track and field athlete and four-time Olympic gold medalist as a black man in the 1936 Games in Nazi Germany.
Lacrosse and Soccer are also capable of being hosted at the NEBC.
The Glenn Warner Soccer Facility is a soccer-specific stadium at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland.
The capacity of the stadium was 34,000 spectators.
Demolition and removal of the remaining statium structures began in the spring of 2012.
Comedy – comedy club and named comedians
These changes were made due to new stringent ground grading requirements of the Football Association.
In October 1987, the Green Cinema was purchased by the Dublin hotelier, PV Doyle, for £1.5m.
The stadium is able to hold 17,023 people and it officially opened on August 4, 2006 with a friendly against Arsenal.
It is located on Baku's highland, on Istiglaliyyat Street overlooking the whole city of Baku and Baku Bay.
It opened in 1899 in St Nicholas Hospital, Gosforth, Newcastle upon Tyne, England.
It is based in City of Kragujevac, the fourth largest city of Serbia.
Support areas include an equipment room, training room and 876 lockers in six different, full-service dressing rooms.
The Kitchener Memorial Auditorium Sports Complex is a multi-use municipally-owned facility in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada.
By 1860 it was owned and operated by a private company called the Lancaster Athenaeum, which Sharpe founded.
Paper Heart Gallery was an all-ages music venue, art gallery, and performance space in downtown Phoenix, Arizona, United States.
Claremont Oval is an Australian rules football stadium located in Perth, Australia.
The Marriott Center is a 19,000-seat multi-purpose arena in the western United States, located on the campus of Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah.
The Bloomsbury Theatre recently returned to the logo designed by cartoonist Gerald Scarfe which it had used for nearly twenty years until 2001.
It served as a home ground of Waterhouse F.C..
The Baguio Athletic Bowl is a sporting venue within the grounds of Burnham Park in Baguio, Philippines.
Estadio Torrero was a multi-use stadium in Zaragoza, Spain.
In the 1990s Nell's matured into a jazz, reggae, and hip-hop showcase.
The club introduced Electronic Mondays in July 2012, a free-admission event hosted by DJ Lowpass featuring many generes of electronic music.
The Unbe Sports Complex is a sports complex in Eibar, Basque Country, Spain.
Built in 1923, it is the last surviving pre-World War II building in Pedder Street.
She performed on April 15, 2014 as part of her Paradise Tour.
It is named after the Western Armenian renowned satirist Hagop Baronian.
Bob Dylan recorded the NBC television special and live concert album Hard Rain at Hughes Stadium during a rainstorm in May 1976.
Team Caucasus won the game 5 goals to 2.
It is named after Austrian cyclist Franz Dusika.
Construction began in early 1938 with the stadium officially opening to the public on Nov. 24, 1938.
When it was rebuilt in 1904 it changed to operate as a cine-variety under the name of Gaiety Theatre, becoming a full cinema in 1935.
BEST SET DESIGN Off West End Awards 2011
It serves as the new home of IR Tanger, replacing the former Stade de Marchan.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
The facility is located within Bacon Park and it is dedicated to Georgians who died at war.
It first opened as a west side movie theater in 1949 until becoming a Christian music venue in 1995.
Young Arena has also hosted the NCAA Division III wrestling championships and occasional basketball games.
It shows mostly first-run blockbuster films and has on average 1000 visitors per day.
It is also used sometimes for Top League rugby games.
The theatre is currently operated by AEG and owned by the City of Grand Prairie.
Reese Smith Jr. Field is a baseball venue located on the campus of Middle Tennessee State University in Murfreesboro, Tennessee, United States.
The theatre is sited on Rosemount Viaduct, opposite the city's Union Terrace Gardens.
Københavns Idrætspark, in daily use Idrætsparken, also known as Parken, was a multi-purpose stadium in Copenhagen, Denmark.
The Finnish National Theatre, established in 1872, is a theatre located in central Helsinki on the northern side of the Helsinki Central Railway Station Square.
Ediriwira Sarachchandra’s ground-breaking Sinhala play, Maname was first presented at this very theatre.
The first music director of The Kitchen was composer Rhys Chatham.
The overall size is more than 62,000 square meters.
Untersberg-Arena is a football stadium in Grödig, Austria
The venue was announced as the host stadium for the 2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup qualification
It was replaced by the current Stade Michel d'Ornano in 1993.
It is home to Fort William Shinty Club's various squads who have played there since moving from Claggan Park in the 1980s.
The amphitheatre has kept its original design since opening and has become a popular destination for small and big acts alike.
Likas Stadium is a stadium in Likas, Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia.
It was known simply as "The Theatre, Lancaster".
It is the 2nd time the venue has hosted the event.
Until 1992 it was known as The Pindar of Wakefield and was famous for its regular old time music hall entertainment.
The Bridgewater Hall is a concert venue in Manchester city centre, England.
Volos Municipal Stadium is a sports stadium in Volos, Greece used for football matches.
Estádio José de Melo, sometimes called Stadium José de Melo, is a multi-use stadium located in Rio Branco, Brazil.
In 1998, the Old Town Preservation Association sold the building to the Vermilion Heritage Foundation.
MKE Kırıkkalespor plays their domestic home football fixtures at Fikret Karabudak Stadium.
Today, it houses the OSU English Department.
It is home to the Union College Dutchmen ice hockey and Dutchwomen ice hockey teams, members of the ECAC Hockey League.
The arena has a capacity of 12,500 people and 13,400 people for hockey matches.
In the competition, first run in 1984, a dog team leader and a team of 6 to 14 dogs race for 10 to 20 days.
The stadium played host to the Big Day Out in 2001 and the Soundwave Festival show in March 2009 and 2010.
It is situated in the district of Kupittaa, in an area dedicated to sporting venues.
It is the home of the Grand Rapids Drive of the NBA G League.
It was the home field of the Purdue Boilermakers football team from 1892 until 1924 when Ross–Ade Stadium opened.
The central hall can hold up to 10,014 people for basketball games.
As part of the renovations, a FieldTurf surface was installed.
The arena opened in 1999 and is home to the Ironi Ashkelon basketball club and Hapoel Ashkelon fencing and rhythmic gymnastics teams.
Manchester Meadows Soccer Complex is a multi field soccer complex containing two stadiums located in Rock Hill, South Carolina.
It has had several transfers of its work to larger off-Broadway theatres and to Broadway.
From 1868 to the 1890s, it had a major influence on the development of modern musical comedy.
The record attendance of 6,000 was set by a Scottish Cup tie against Rangers in 1948.
It has a seating capacity for 3,800 people for sports events.
The Warehouse Live is a live entertainment venue located in East Downtown, Houston, Texas.
Kingswood is open from May to September.
The capacity of the arena is 3,500 spectators.
The second and largest hall is the Concert Hall, which has a capacity of 1,200.
It moved to Brooklyn in 2015 before closing down in December of the same year.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Club San Francisco de Asís of the Copa Perú.
The Paramount was built in 1930 by H. O. Wooten, adjacent to his Hotel Wooten.
The Sanctuary Music Arena was a 22,000 sq ft, 3,500 capacity music venue in Denbigh North, Milton Keynes in the UK.
The Sala Stadium is a sports stadium in Ashkelon, Israel.
Traian Sports Hall is an indoor arena in Râmnicu Vâlcea, Romania.
Having opened in December 2009, it was home to the Bakersfield Jam of the NBA Development League.
Summer Games, as part of the district's 100th anniversary, and has featured events with crowds of over 4,000 spectators.
It is owned and operated by the Wichita Falls Independent School District.
It is part of the Regis Centre, which offers a range of entertainment from dance, musicals, drama, music and family events.
The theatre stages plays and musicals, live music and stand-up comedy.
The grounds have been home to the California Rodeo Salinas since 1911.
The opening of the stadium took place in March 2017.
The training center will host an international-sized artificial turf, a separate grass pitch and a futsal field.
Bleachers were later added at the open end.
It replaces their previous stadium La Condomina.
On 4 June 2010 rugby league was played at the ground.
It hosts live music in an attached music room which has a capacity for 80 people.
It is notable as being the headquarters for the precision dance company, the Rockettes.
It was the home of the football club Løv-Ham until 2008.
The W. F. "Bill" Harris State Fair Arena is a 6,000-seat multipurpose indoor arena located at the Alabama State Fairgrounds.
Stadion Rujevica is a stadium in the city of Rijeka.
The approval and construction of the arena was overseen by Sudbury Mayor Bill Beaton.
It is also an accredited Handball facility.
The amphitheater has seating for up to 9,000 spectators for special events, 7,000 in a general admission setting and 4,500 for reseated seating.
Opened in 2006, the amphitheater features 4,000 fixed seats, with a lawn area able to accommodate 7,000 additional spectators.
Now over a hundred years later only one still exists.
The entrances are in Phoenix Street and Charing Cross Road.
Galena Park ISD Stadium is a stadium situated on Galena Park ISD Sports Complex property in the Cloverleaf CDP of unincorporated Harris County, Texas, United States.
It was also the region's premier concert venue, until the Newcastle Arena opened in 1995.
Fabric is a nightclub in Farringdon, London, England.
It holds up to 7,422 spectators, with 80% of the seats under the roof.
It is currently used mostly for football matches, and is the home of FC Nyva Vinnytsia and FC Vinnytsia.
Abbey Road Studios is a recording studio at 3 Abbey Road, St John's Wood, City of Westminster, London, England.
Okara Park is a multi-purpose stadium in Whangarei, New Zealand.
Restored and reopened in 2008 by RIC Capital Ventures, the theater, operating as The National, is used as a performing arts and music venue.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
The reopening, scheduled for September 4, 2009, was delayed due to another arson on September 1.
It is owned by the University of Sheffield.
Thomas Robinson Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Nassau, Bahamas.
The playing surface is named "McKillop Court" in honor of current men's basketball coach Bob McKillop, who has coached the most victories in the school's history.
The theatre grew from Charles Marford and A.B.
It was one of two sites for the 2007 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, along with Ejendals Arena in Leksand
The Davis Theater, originally known as the Pershing Theater, is a first run movie theater located in the Lincoln Square neighborhood of Chicago.
There are currently plans to sell 580 acres of Blossom's undeveloped acreage to the National Park Service to add to the park.
At the same time, the press box has been lowered and moved, bringing reporters closer to the action offering them a better all-round match experience.
Frederick J. Eikerenkoetter II, better known as Reverend Ike.
Landlord-tenant squabbles ensued, leaving CCCPTV, People in Stores, The Dark and headliners The Neats to play The Underground's final night on June 14, 1981.
AaB Ishockey is the amateur club having the license for professional ice hockey being used by Aalborg Pirates.
In 2004, the facility moved to its current location, which includes an exhibition space, performance space, and studios for artists.
It was revealed that Northland will assume total responsibility for the building paying for any and all losses, and will keep any profits.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is home of the Naval 1º de Maio.
The main stage has table seating with dinner service.
Mountain Lakes Amphitheater is an outdoor amphitheater near Flatwoods, West Virginia.
The high-rise was constructed in the Renaissance Revival.
William Isaac Palmer purchased it on behalf of the Blue Ribbon Gospel Temperance Mission in 1879.
Raymond Field is a multi-purpose stadium in Wolfville, Nova Scotia.
The cost of the project was about $7.5 million.
From 1893 to 1954 the theatre was run by a succession of leaseholders and managers presenting popular plays, musicals, music hall stars and film.
It was refurbished again in 2007 when it was transformed into an all-seater stadium.
As part of the renovation, a new seating system was installed at the arena.
The hall is an architectural landmark in the city, and is adjacent to Temple Square and the Salt Palace on South Temple Street.
The Pendley Open Air Shakespeare Festival is, as the name implies, an annual festival dedicated to the plays of William Shakespeare.
It will be superseded by TUIL Arena that is planned to open in 2010.
The first plans were to build an indoor arena and school premises with a total area of 23,000 m².
Thorne Stadium’s press box contains facilities for scoreboard/clock operation, TV/radio broadcasts, newspaper reporting, game filming and several coaches’ boxes.
Stadion Olympic is a multi-use stadium in Ulcinj, Montenegro.
Hamer Hall is a multi-purpose arena located on the campus of California University of Pennsylvania in California, Pennsylvania.
Three of the four sides have currently been rebuilt.
After the new Wisconsin Entertainment and Sports Center opens in September 2018, the Bradley Center will be demolished to make way for future development.
Lately, and not without criticism, it has opened its doors to urban music.
The building is the third oldest on SMU's campus and has hosted a number of notable acts.
The stadium Duchère or Balmont stadium or the stadium-Balmont Duchère, is a Stadium located in the 9th arrondissement of Lyon in the neighborhood La Duchère.
While it is mainly used for football, the Argentina national rugby union team has also played at the stadium.
The arena can accommodate between 3,500 and 15,000 people.
Cake Shop was a New York City music venue, bar, and cafe in the Lower East Side of Manhattan that opened in 2005.
The stadium has a capacity of 7,000 people.
Kdham hosts approximately 250 students per year for its various courses.
It was bounded by Leeland Street, St. Bernard Street, Coyle Street, and Milby Street in the East End.
It is home to the Alabama A&M University Bulldogs men's and women's basketball teams and women's volleyball team.
The London Coliseum is a theatre in St. Martin's Lane, central London, built as one of London's largest and most luxurious "family" variety theatres.
It is located in a building known as the Galician Centre of Havana, constructed to serve as a social center for Galician immigrants to Havana.
AMTF/Prince Theater has produced 92 world premieres and has sent 81 productions to theaters in New York and worldwide.
The Round Earth Theatre Company, founded by Richard Davey, performs in Strahan, West Coast, Tasmania.
Originally designed with a seating capacity of 3,500, the hall seats 1,500 people.
Minerul Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Lupeni, Romania.
Some of its goals include the promotion of Croatian culture in the Bosnia and Herzegovina and abroad, as well as hosting of international theatre troupes.
The facility was also the home stadium for the Blue Chip Classic high school all-star football game.
It was home to the Oklahoma City Blazers of the CHL from 1965-1972.
The coliseum opened its doors to the public in September 4, 2004 after a prolonged construction financed by the Government of Puerto Rico.
In 1954, after a donation by the N. Lanitis family, a new entrance was erected, while additional wooden benches for 2000 spectators were added.
In 1992, an outdoor concession area was included as part of the adjoining Fremont Fitness Center.
The venue features three stages and a record label of the same name.
For concerts, the capacity is 8,500 people.
The complex also contains various parking lots for cars and RVs.
Colgate University is a private liberal arts college located on 575 acres in Hamilton Village, Hamilton Township, Madison County, New York, United States.
The building was used as the primary location for the short film Sonata in Motion.
The Schuster Performing Arts Center is located in Dayton, Ohio and was built in 2003 to serve as Dayton's principal center of the lively arts.
The ballpark site now contains retail stores and parking lots.
The venue served as the host for 2008 Skate America, a three-day ice-skating championship featuring world class skaters.
Founder Anthony Bean established the theater and drama school with the goal of representing those who "have no voice".
The Lowry is a theatre and gallery complex situated on Pier 8 at Salford Quays, in Salford, Greater Manchester, England.
Ünye İlçe Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Ordu, Turkey.
The Hult Center is operated by the City of Eugene and is one of two performing arts venues owned by the City.
The National Theatre of Miskolc is the main theatre of Miskolc, and the oldest theatre company of Hungary.
The audience experience is intimate with a relaxed welcoming style of cabaret and racked seating.
The ground floor features new men's and women's locker facilities, player lounges and practice courts for basketball and volleyball.
Along with three other Victorian theatres, the Olympic was eventually demolished in 1904 to make way for the development of the Aldwych.
The building was also used to film the boxing scenes in the movie Annapolis.
It was the ground at which the teams of Birmingham City F.C.
In October 2014, the stadium hosted the Copa de la Primera Dama final.
Built in 1974, The venue has a capacity of 1,200.
The Woman's Building was a non-profit arts and education center located in Los Angeles, California.
It has also hosted other events, including concerts, ice shows, trade shows, and conventions.
That same summer some further work was carried out on the stadium, including a capacity expansion by 1,000 seats.
The field was also home to the Lowell All-Americans of the New England Collegiate Baseball League between 2000 and 2010.
It is named after the late Alfonso Lastras Ramirez, who was co-founder of an early football club called Cachorros de San Luis.
Kanjuruhan Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Malang Regency, East Java, Indonesia.
It also hosts local competitions of athletics.
Stade Jlidi is a multi-use stadium in Zarzis, Tunisia.
The New South Wales Waratahs team plays occasional pre-season trial matches at the ground.
Floodlights and a scoreboard are expected to be added by November 2016.
Councillors were influenced by complaints from local residents about fireworks, loud music and other pre-match festivities.
The Center opened on April 9, 1981 under the administration of then Governor Carlos Romero Barceló after 10 years of planning, project financing, and construction.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of FC Sion.
The facility has a capacity of 10,000 people.
It was founded in 1988 at the historic DuPre Excelsior Mill, a former excelsior mill at 695 North Avenue in the Old Fourth Ward neighborhood.
In 2011, a documentary about the club called Troubadours: Carole King / James Taylor & The Rise of the Singer-Songwriter was released.
The stadium played host to the 1987 FIFA U-16 World Championship.
Big Man's West was a nightclub located at 129 Monmouth Street in Red Bank, New Jersey.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Rah Ahan F.C., who currently play in Iran's Premier Football League.
It is used mostly for Association football matches.
It seats about 1,750 for hockey with a standing room capacity of over 2,000.
In the same year, a floodlight system of 1200 lx and a new scoreboard were installed.
This theatre has produced more than 400 premieres which have been watched by more than 3 million spectators.
Its 39 courts made it the largest tennis centre in New Zealand.
Djurgårsdteatern, was an historical Swedish theatre, active at Djurgården in Stockholm between 1801 and 1929.
The Mark G. Etess Arena was a multi-purpose arena in Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States.
Its capacity is over 8,000 and it is the home ground for Mladost Lučani.
122, in October 1980, was a play by Robin Epstein and Dorothy Cantwell's experimental women's theater company, More Fire!
Traktor Tashkent Stadium was a multi-use stadium in Tashkent, Uzbekistan.
It is the home ground of Maltese football club Zabbar St. Patrick.
Gusii Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Kisii, Kenya.
The stadium is able to hold 10,500 people and it opened on 12 September 1936.
TALCO Arena is a multi-use stadium in Tursunzoda, Tajikistan.
The Cooks' daughter, Louise, sold the theatre to the Regent Theatre Foundation in 1994.
Tochigi Green Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Utsunomiya, Tochigi, Japan, home of Tochigi S.C..
The St Martin's was Grade II listed by English Heritage in March 1973.
Construction began November 2014 and was completed August 24, 2015, at a cost of over $40 million.
It is owned by the Aleppo-based al-Ittihad SC and has a capacity of 10,000 spectators.
It is currently used for football matches and is the home ground of Bath City.
However, the facility reverted to its prior and current name in 2014.
The stadium also hosts some of the district's soccer games.
Jordal was also the site of the 1958 and the 1999 IIHF World Championship.
The Fox Theatre, a former movie palace, is a performing arts center located at 527 N. Grand Blvd.
Throughout the years, the center has hosted various concerts, conventions, exhibits, high school and college graduations, trade shows, theatre, ballet and comedy.
Yale's manager during this time was former big leaguer Ethan Allen.
Depeche Mode performed at the concert hall on May 4, 2013 during their Delta Machine Tour, in front of a sold out crowd of 9,904 people.
Stade Harry Latour is a multi-use stadium in Mahébourg, Grand Port District, Mauritius.
It is located in Samsung Life Human Center, Yongin.
The ground is home to Eastbourne Cricket Club, Eastbourne Hockey Club and Eastbourne Town Football Club.
Aryo Srengat Stadium is a football stadium in the town of Srengat, Blitar, Indonesia.
The average SAT score is 1311, which combines the Critical Reading and Math portions.
It features ice for hockey, figure skating and open skating.
It is the summer home of the Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra and is managed by SMG.
Since 1984, LCSC has won 18 national titles and had six runner-up finishes.
Former Senator Barack Obama held a rally for his 2008 presidential campaign at the venue on June 5, 2008.
ALT spent its first six years at the KiMo Theatre in downtown Albuquerque.
Its architect was Edmund M. Wheelwright of Boston's Wheelwright & Haven, who later designed nearby Horticultural Hall.
The institution displays unconventional artwork, including performing and visual arts.
It hosts the University of the Fraser Valley Cascades basketball team on a basketball court that seats 1,700.
The Bashkim Sulejmani Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Kuçovë, Albania.
The project was conducted by SIS Pitches who are renowned for other works such as the Vodafone Arena and iPro Stadium.
At the time the theatre was opened, it was the largest theatre in Australia, and had seating for over 2,500 people.
The Center's Segerstrom Hall and Judy Morr Theater were designed by Charles Lawrence and opened in 1986.
Before the naming rights were acquired by Kanko and then City Light, the venue's nickname was Momotaro Stadium".
Mark Edward Freitas Ice Forum is a 2,000-seat hockey rink in Storrs, Connecticut.
As of the 2010 Census, Connecticut features the highest per-capita income, Human Development Index, and median household income in the United States.
The Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium, also known as Lekhwiya SC Stadium is a football stadium in Doha, Qatar.
It features eight permanent and six portable concession stands, two permanent souvenir stands, a press room, two loading docks, and an arena lounge.
The stadium is able to hold 17,801 people and was built in 1906.
It is the home ground of Coleraine F.C..
The premiere performance was Antonio Salieri's Europa riconosciuta.
German Olympic athletes have trained there since 1952.
The club existed in a non-descript building with spare outdoor lighting, in an area southwest of Lincoln's primary downtown bar district, and southeast of the Haymarket.
In the 2016-17 league season, Rosario Central drew an average home attendance of 35,000, the third-highest in the league.
During reconstruction of Shakespeare's Globe theatre on the South Bank, in 1994 the theatre was renamed the Gielgud Theatre in honour of John Gielgud.
It is the first such agreement since the San Andres Gym in Malate, Manila lent naming rights to FedEx's sister company Mail And More in 2000.
Estadio Chochi Sosa is a concert and sports venue located in Tegucigalpa, Honduras.
The seating capacity of the arena is for 2,200 spectators for sports events and 3,500 at concerts.
The freehold of the theatre is owned by the Crown Estate.
The stadium occupies an area of more than 7.000 m².
The Water Rats is a live music venue at 328 Grays Inn Road, Kings Cross, London, England.
She returned for her 6 Tour on November 5, 2016.
The stadium is home to Kuşadasıspor and Kuşadası Yıldız Fenerspor, which play in the Turkish Regional Amateur League.
The construction of the pavilion created a legal controversy, given that there are historic limitations on the height of buildings in Grant Park.
One of the first acts of Charles II after his restoration in 1660 was to order the extensive refitting of the Tudor tennis court.
The Beat Kitchen is a restaurant and music venue located in Chicago, Illinois.
Due become the club's headquarters VIJ then this field ball field named VIJ.
Other notable owners of the theatre include Paul Yates, founder and owner of Yates' Wine Lodge.
The building was left empty in the late 1990s/early 2000s and acquired damage from disuse.
Zamalek also play the majority of their home games at the Petro Sport Stadium.
The building is classified as a "Category I" historic place by Heritage New Zealand.
Several covered multisport stadiums were planned there, but they were abandoned because of a lack of funding.
Barnson, a former pitcher at Arizona State University had lost his life in an automobile accident on March 14, 1980.
The arena contains a handball court, six badminton courts, three volleyball courts and a basketball court.
At the time of construction, the stadium featured three courts and had no second stand facing Court 1, while Courts 2 and 3 had bitumen surfaces.
Bob Dylan performed at the arena during his 2006 North American Tour on May 2, 2006.
The stadium's lights were mounted on four massive, hollow steel towers and were the result of the 1974 and 1994 renovations of the facility.
The Kelly Strayhorn Theater produces arts engagement programming for young people and families through its presenting program, KSTPresents.
Its ability to seat up to 7,000 people makes it one of the largest venues in Lille.
Joe Louis Arena is a multi-purpose arena located in Detroit, Michigan.
The Stables is a music venue situated in Wavendon, a small village on the south-east edge of Milton Keynes.
The facility's main rink is Olympic regulation size rink.
The Savoy Cinema is the oldest operational cinema in Dublin, and it is the preferred cinema in Ireland for film premières.
In 2010, 2011 & 2014, the Mann was nominated by Pollstar, a concert industry trade publication, as "Best Major Outdoor Concert Venue" in North America.
Ritchie Coliseum is a multipurpose athletics facility at the University of Maryland.
The National Taichung Theater is an opera house in the Taichung’s 7th Redevelopment Zone of Taichung, Taiwan.
The venue is operated by The Bowery Presents, a group stemming from Bowery Ballroom.
The soccer centre is owned and operated by the City of Calgary.
The ground was located next to Heslington Lane, and was purchased by York for £2,000 following their formation in 1922.
Although its official inauguration took place in November 1956, various plays were already staged by the same group of individuals who eventually founded Atelje 212.
Folketeatret was merged with Det Nye Teater to form Oslo Nye Teater, although it continued operation in Folketeatret's building.
The arena hosts a variety of events including concerts, business conferences and exhibitions.
The stadium opened in 2002 and has a total capacity of 3,500.
The design has a wavy sloped green roofline and an area of 493,000 square feet.
It was built on the site of the former bullring, "Plaza de toros de Vista Alegre", built in 1906 and demolished in 1995.
It originally opened in 1935, and it is named after John Clifford Bell, an entrepreneur in Detroit in the 1930s.
Additionally, the shop houses aspiring writers and artists in exchange for their helping out around the bookstore.
A site was chosen in Sai Tso Wan immediately south of the Kwun Tong Magistracy.
It was inaugurated in 1967, and it is owned by Apucarana City Hall.
Deir ez-Zor Municipal Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Deir ez-Zor, Syria.
It is the home stadium of Association Salé of the Botola.
Many other events had been held at Perry Lakes Stadium over the years such as the athletics, soccer and rugby.
The history of London's Gate Theatre Studio, often referred to as simply the Gate Theatre, is typical of many small independent theatres of the period.
On March 1, 2015, the cultural center is renamed 'Yaşar Kemal Kültür Merkezi' after the death of the legendary author Yaşar Kemal.
Mr. Sjostrom was president and chairman of the board of Sjostrom & Sons, Inc., the construction firm started by his father in 1914.
Until 2014 the building was known as Färs och Frosta Sparbanken Arena or FFS Arena for short.
This marked the first major film to premiere in Buffalo since The Natural opened in 1984.
AccorHotels Arena is an indoor sports arena and concert hall, that is located on boulevard de Bercy, in the 12th arrondissement of Paris, France.
It is currently used mostly for soccer matches.
Connecticut is the third smallest state by area, the 29th most populous, and the fourth most densely populated of the 50 United States.
On May 9, 2007 the Japan national rugby union team played the Classic All Blacks here.
It was used as the stadium of Hallelujah FC matches until the Gimpo City Stadium opened in 2004.
It was the third of five London theatres to bear the name.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Paykan Qazvin F.C.
It currently is used mainly for rugby union matches and is the home stadium of Juvenia Kraków.
To avoid these legal restrictions, the city classifies the bandshell as a work of art rather than a building.
Changchun Yatai won the CSL in 2007 for the first time in their history.
It is popular for being located in the center of the city, but suffers from its old structure and small capacity.
The musical group Rainbow was named after this club.
The theatre produces between 6 and 9 productions each year and also hosts music groups for short gigs.
In 2014, Vans won the bidding to operate the Old Vic Tunnels and transformed them into a skate park called the House of Vans.
A Rugby League Super League game between Oldham and Sheffield was staged at the stadium in 1997.
In July 1892, a group of locals founded the gymnastics club "Olympia", which is the oldest gymnastics club in Cyprus.
It is particularly associated with the Yugoslav new wave acts of the late 1970s and early 1980s.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of IS Câmpia Turzii.
De Broodfabriek is an exhibition and convention center in the Dutch city of Rijswijk.
The building is a contributing property of the Midtown Historic District on the National Register of Historic Places.
The APFA was also renamed that year, to the National Football League.
The Bataclan is a theatre located at 50 Boulevard Voltaire in the 11th arrondissement of Paris, France.
Ice Arena Wales is an ice hockey rink in the Cardiff International Sports Village in Cardiff, Wales.
In 2010, David Johansen of the New York Dolls and Andy Shernoff of The Dictators, and Darrell McBride shared the stage.
The $16 million, 32,000 square foot facility was built in 1993, and is one of the more modern arenas, serving a small market in the Mid-south.
The nightclub was housed in the Native Sons of the Golden West building at 420 Mason Street, built in 1890 by architect August Headman.
Stamper is also a co-founder of the Wave Gathering Music Festival.
The main court is a Cincinnati Robbins perma-cushion maple wood basketball floor, made up of some 19,000 square feet of wood.
Mkwakwani Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Tanga, Tanzania.
Ecopa Arena is a multi-purpose indoor arena in Fukuroi, Japan.
It has a capacity of 5,000 people.
Stadio Vito Simone Veneziani is a multi-use stadium in Monopoli, Italy.
Cakeshop's final week was marked by nightly shows and special events.
It was built by the architect Wilhelm Kreis.
The theater in the beginning was the host to minstrel shows, balls, plays and theater performances.
The stadium held 1,500 people, with 700 seats.
Founded by Irene Moessinger, it opened in 1980 next to the Berlin Wall on the west side of Potsdamer Platz, housed in a large circus tent.
There are thirteen bathrooms, six changing rooms, and eleven bars.
The SMX Convention Center is a convention center in Pasay, the Philippines.
Changzhi Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Changzhi, China.
It is the home arena of the HC Spartak Moscow ice hockey team.
When the Britt Brown Arena closed, there was much public outcry to not close the pavilions at the Kansas Coliseum.
In 2016, the arena served as the host for the 2016 Pacific Rim Gymnastics Championships.
The facility was purpose-built for the Central Coast-based club and is the club's home base.
The site was originally coastal lagoons, and the city council had historically used the site as landfill rubbish tip.
It serves as the home of AS Nika, TS Malekesa and AS Makiso of the Linafoot.
The stadium has a seating capacity of 15,165 people.
It is the home base of Persbul Buol .
Barbarella's was a nightclub and music venue located in Birmingham, England.
The Junior Seau Pier Amphitheatre is a public entertainment and recreation complex located at the foot of the Oceanside Pier in Oceanside, California.
Thurston's Hall was a major billiards and snooker venue between 1901 and 1955 in Leicester Square, London.
The capacity of the arena is 5,331 spectators and opened in 1998.
The park includes a 5,000-seat soccer-specific stadium, which opened in 2006 and is designed for future expansion.
La Manga Club Football Stadium is a stadium in La Manga Club, south of La Manga, Spain.
The stadium is named after the Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini kaBhekuzulu.
Little Angel Theatre is a registered charity.
The ground is affectionately known as 'The Rec' though for sponsorship reasons its official name is now The Electrical Services Stadium.
The Lacerdão is owned by Central Sport Club.
It is currently used by the football team Manglerud Star for their home games.
There are plans to expand the stadium's capacity to 15,000.
Park Avenue Armory leased the building for 99 years from New York State in 2006.
The Ghadir Arena in terms of ceiling height, distance to the spectators, type of flooring and equipment is the best hall Volleyball for Tournament in Iran.
ice hockey leagues, as well as public skating.
The Theatre was built by F. H. Fowler and Hill with a seating capacity of 1,200.
Jinju Civic Stadium, is a multi-use stadium in Jinju, South Korea It is used mostly for football matches.
The lot on which it was built cost $6000, and the building itself cost $28,000 including furnishings.
Emmett Park is a multi-use stadium in Kingston, Jamaica adjacent to Sabina Park.
High school coach Marty Roos has more wins then anyone in Connecticut history.
Five of Jon Fosse's plays saw their first productions on Det Norske Teatret: Nokon kjem til å komme, Ein sommars dag, Vakkert, 3ogtosaman and Rambuku.
Their linked theatres throughout the United Kingdom shared production costs and permitted touring to Britain's major cities.
It also serves several local hockey high school and club level teams.
It is the smallest currently stadium in the Football League.
It is named after former OSU athlete, Jesse Owens.
It hosts the Xinjiang Flying Tigers of the Chinese Basketball Association.
The box office at the gates of Wonderland was removed because of the decline of the theatre as a music venue.
Arsenal beat Chelsea 1–0 with a goal from Gilly Flaherty.
The Perm Academic Theatre established in Perm as an amateur theater for working youths.
It provides a stepping stone for youngsters to progress to the highest levels of football at Azerbaijan.
The amphitheater, along with the PNC Pavilion, are a part of the Hulbert Taft Jr. Center for the Performing Arts.
The Ariston Theatre is a movie theatre in Sanremo, Italy.
It has a seating capacity ranging from 7,000 to 20,300, depending on the event.
The stadium is owned by the Guarujá City Hall.
The 1st phase of the training centre occupying an area of 47,833m², was completed earlier in 2015.
Estadio El Sardinero was a multi-use stadium in Santander, Spain.
It hosts the Liaoning Flying Leopards of the Chinese Basketball Association.
Constructed in 1966, the venue seated 4,000 fans for indoor track and tennis events.
“El Mirador” was constructed under the ownership of Roberto Cortazar in 1944 and was inaugurated in a friendly match against Atlante.
It can accommodate up to 18,500 spectators and can be reached by the Hato Rey Station of the Tren Urbano system.
Fred C. Yager Stadium is a football stadium in Oxford, Ohio, USA.
The first match held in the stadium was the Trophée des Champions match between FC Nantes Atlantique and FC Girondins de Bordeaux on 24 August 1999.
The gallery represented selected artists and also sold work by other artists represented by other galleries or from the secondary market.
On 6 and 7 September 2013, double international games between Sweden and Finland with both A- and U23 games were held inside.
The Weymouth Pavilion, formerly the Ritz, is a theatre in Weymouth, Dorset.
It cost 85 million DKK to build.
The Rushmore Plaza Civic Center is a 150,000-square-foot exhibition center, in Rapid City, South Dakota.
The auditorium is flexible in enabling both fully day-lit or blacked out theatre and is usable end-on, in the round, flat floor and traverse.
The Luther Burbank Center for the Arts is a performance venue located just north of Santa Rosa, California, by U.S. 101.
Training in Gymnastics and Taekwondo are also conducted here.
The space was renamed "the George Gund Foundation Lobby" in recognition of a contribution that made the re-creation possible.
The Segal Centre for Performing Arts, formerly the Saidye Bronfman Centre for the Arts, is a theatre in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
In 2012, The Forum was the home of the Indianapolis Enforcers of the Continental Indoor Football League; however, the team ceased operations after the 2012 season.
There are also dozens of fringe events scheduled for the Harrogate Theatre and other venues.
Located in Frisco, Texas in the United States, the stadium has a capacity of 10,316.
The stadium's grand opening was held on May 22, 1886 for an afternoon game against the "Rochesters" of Rochester, New York.
Before adopting use of "Tipitina's" as its name, the facility was known as "The 501 Club," in reference to its street address.
The Kursaal Congress Centre and Auditorium is a complex comprising several spaces: a great auditorium, many-use halls and exhibition halls.
The shell was used as a space for education workshops and rehearsals until enough money was raised to complete the playhouse.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Club de Deportes Copiapó of the Chilean Primera División B.
Found on Fairbottom Street in the town centre, Oldham's Coliseum is a repertory theatre which celebrated its centenary in 1987.
Leading up to the Steelers' hosting the 2011 AFC Championship game against the New York Jets, the venue hosted several concerts, parties, and rallies.
Parc y Scarlets is a rugby union stadium in Llanelli, Carmarthenshire, that opened in November 2008 as the new home of the Scarlets and Llanelli RFC.
The central hall is also used for concerts and other kinds of shows.
The stadium has a capacity of 15,000 people.
In the 1940s it became a USO club and was called the "Stage Door."
It was built between 1883 and 1885 according to the plans of Vilmos Freund.
The Roxy attracts a predominantly young crowd and is particularly popular with University College London students on Tuesday nights.
[2] In February 2009 the stadium was attacked by vandals causing thousands of pounds of damage.
Pierce Memorial Field is an 8,000-capacity stadium located in East Providence, Rhode Island.
The Escuela de Fútbol de Mareo is the training ground and academy base of the Spanish football club Sporting de Gijón.
Bradenton Area Convention Center, formerly Manatee Civic Center, is a 4,000-seat multi-purpose arena and convention center in Palmetto, Florida.
On December 12, 1997, the floor was renamed Keady Court in honor of longtime men's coach Gene Keady.
The distinctive geometric shapes on the theatre's facade were inspired by the paintings of the American abstract expressionist artist Al Held.
This allows enough sunlight into the stadium so that during the day no artificial lights are needed.
Since the 2009–10 Top 14 season, both Biarritz Olympique and fellow Basque club Aviron Bayonnais took home matches to the Anoeta.
Kona Lanes was a bowling center in Costa Mesa, California, that opened in 1958 and closed in 2003 after 45 years in business.
The grounds end names are the Police Station End and the Super Value End.
Since early 2007, Theatre D has owned and operated The Royal.
It takes its name from the nickname of FK Velež.
It is the largest football venue in Switzerland and home to FC Basel.
and Manchester City Council and it opened to receive its first students in August 2013.
There are locker rooms in the basement which provide accommodations for 500 athletes.
It also hosted three matches during the 1974 African Cup of Nations.
Jumbo's Clown Room embodies the burlesque spirit more than its counterparts in Hollywood and farther west.
The stadium holds 8,000 people and was built in 2000.
The East Kowloon Cultural Centre is a planned performing arts complex in Ngau Tau Kok, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
Prior to forming Franz Ferdinand, Alex Kapranos was the music programmer at the venue and hosted the Kazoo Club and 99p Club.
In the early years of the 20th century stars like Charlie Chaplin, Lilly Langtry, Marie Lloyd and Dan Leno filled the venue.
The Byrds got their start there in 1964.
is the other tenant that also uses the stadium.
The Broadway Theatre is an art film and performance theatre located on Broadway Avenue in the Nutana neighborhood of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.
Mechatronik Arena is a football stadium in Aspach, Germany.
The 10,000-seat venue has hosted a variety of concerts and other types of performances.
In 1999 the Rustaveli cinema was renovated and reopened on 11 July 1999 with 415 seats.
In its previous building, it hosted six team handball matches for the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.
In 1925, the musical comedy No, No, Nanette opened at the Palace Theatre, followed by other musicals, for which the theatre became known.
Westport Magazine recognized the Quick Center as the "cultural epicenter of Fairfield County."
The Bharatiya Nritya Kala Mandir is an arts and crafts museum and a multi-purpose cultural centre located in Patna, in the capital of Bihar, India.
The Brattle Theatre is a repertory movie theater located at 40 Brattle Street in Harvard Square in Cambridge, Massachusetts in the United States of America.
The field opened in 1926 and holds 47,130 people.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and hosts the home matches of AS Tefana of the Tahiti Division Fédérale.
Stage dimensions: Depth: 4.8m, Proscenium width = 7.26m, Height to grid: 3.96 m
practices, boxing shows, circuses, and car shows.
The stadium is primarily used as a concert venue, operated by Evenpro, bringing many international acts to Caracas.
The Grand Theatre is a historic Canadian theatre located in Kingston, Ontario and is currently one of that city's major performing arts venues.
"We were picky about the quality of musicians that played there," Gavin DeGraw says.
It has 1,229 seats on the first level and 840 on the second.
The annual Carnival of Horrors has been held every October since 2003.
In the area of Detroit culture, at least five actors in major roles can trace their beginning to Planet Ant.
The concentration camps were administered since 1934 by the Concentration Camps Inspectorate which in 1942 was merged into SS-Wirtschafts-Verwaltungshauptamt and they were guarded by SS-Totenkopfverbände.
Tsing Yi Sports Ground is a sports ground in Tsing Yi, New Territories, Hong Kong.
It is also used for CSIO Switzerland horse show jumping event.
The Tripoli Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Tripoli, Libya.
United Sports' outdoor facility currently plays host to youth soccer club Continental FC.
La Scala is an opera house in Milan, Italy.
It features a large painting of Morales on the entrance.
On 19 March 1929, the building was opened by HRH The Duke of Gloucester.
The Théâtre Princesse Grace is a theatre in Monaco.
In 2001, the stadium was the host to the first Major League Lacrosse championship weekend.
It is currently used mostly for Soccermatches and is the home stadium of FC Astana-64.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and hosts the home matches of Bangladesh Army.
The stadium features 6,000 permanent seats and temporary seating for an additional 6,000 on the other side of the field when needed for national events.
The upper sections of the regular seating are permanently mounted, while the lower sections are collapsible to increase the space available on the floor.
It is also used for outdoor concerts, featuring touring musical artists such as Bob Dylan.
In 1868, it became known as the Gaiety Theatre and was, at first, known for music hall and then for musical burlesque, pantomime and operetta performances.
The theatre also has an associate school, known as the La Scala Theatre Academy, which offers professional training in music, dance, stage craft and stage management.
The theatre's opening was ill-fated, and it was little used for a decade.
In December 2000, the local newspaper Albuquerque Journal purchased naming rights and the amphitheater was thus known as ABQ Journal Pavilion.
Completed in 1801, the theatre has hosted the premieres of many celebrated works of theatre, opera, and symphonic music.
There is also reserved parking at the ground.
The project was resurrected and completed by Governor Ibrahim Shehu Shema, and was opened in 2013 as Karkanda Stadium.
Mexican artist Yuridia performed here on September 5, 2009.
The McCasland Field House is a multi-purpose indoor arena on the University of Oklahoma main campus in Norman, Oklahoma.
MRT operates under the leadership of Artistic Director Sean Daniels.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Estrela Clube Primeiro de Maio.
It is the largest commercial art, craft & design gallery in the UK.
The main stadium has a capacity of 10,000 people.
Also, from 2000, the stadium is used for major rock concerts.
The Theatre Royal in Bath, England, was built in 1805.
ABA Stadium is also recognized for its grassroots of boxing.
Shangri-La County Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Shangri-La County, China.
The venue is a drug and alcohol free space and is also entirely volunteer-ran.
As well as the main concert hall, the facility also has two additional performance spaces seating 700 and 200 guests.
The theatre was originally built in 1906 and is used for concerts, plays, films, corporate events and private parties.
It is used for Football, Athletics, Rugby Union and Rugby League.
The hall opened in 1903, as a gift of Eben D. Jordan II, a Conservatory trustee and a Jordan of the Jordan Marsh retail store.
It operated as a movie house until 1980, when it was converted into a night club.
University Hall was replaced by the John Paul Jones Arena as the home to the men's and women's basketball teams in 2006.
The name derives from Joy Division's original name,which makes no sense at all as their original name was Warsaw.
The CMC exists to promote the works of its Associate Composers in Canada and around the world.
The football stadium had seating for approximately 20,000 people; mobile seating raised capacity to 34,200.
The proposal, described as the first "drag landmark", was not adopted by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and hosts the home matches of CE Sabadell FC.
It is home to the University of Rhode Island Rams basketball.
AFAS Live is a concert hall in Amsterdam, Netherlands, near the Amsterdam ArenA.
It is the home stadium of the FC Gütersloh football team playing in the Westfalenliga.
The main pitch, John Scouras Field, holds 2,000 spectators.
The stadium holds 5,060 people and was built in 1931.
The Royal Hall holds 1,000 people, whereas the Queen's Suite holds up to 600.
Millennium Park is part of the larger Grant Park.
in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California, on Hollywood's famous Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Following the 2004 baseball season, the Expos relocated to Washington, D.C. to become the Washington Nationals.
Following the 2012 season, construction on the facility will enter its second phase.
Many prominent British comedians of the post-war years started their careers working at this theatre.
Ward Long, a former professor at the university who also coached the golf, basketball, and cross county teams.
Laetitia is holding a laurel crown as a symbol of celebration.
Administratively, the neighborhood belongs to Nové Mesto borough, situated around 5 km north-east of the centre.
It is located on 13.2 hectares of land approximately 24 kilometres west of Sydney and is owned by the City of Parramatta.
It was built in 1970 named after the 19th century Peruvian sailor Elías Aguirre Romero.
In addition to university sports, the arena is used for small concerts and other community events.
Arrowhead has a seating capacity of 76,416, making it the 28th largest stadium in North America and sixth largest NFL stadium.
On 3 June 2017, the 2017 British and Irish Lions began their tour here with a 13-7 win against New Zealand Barbarians.
The ground is used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Marsaxlokk Football Club.
It features a rubberized 400 metre running track with wide turns and full field event facilities.
Prior to 2004, it was also the home ground of Aboomoslem.
It was completed in 1987, with the principal contribution from the Marcus Corporation.
During the time the theatre was being run by Annie Horniman, a wide variety of types of plays was produced.
It has also been a cinema and a live theatre venue.
In 2010 The Old Vic acquired Tunnels 228-232 from BRB and transformed it into a performance venue.
Green Dome Maebashi is an arena in Maebashi, Japan.
It opened in summer 2007 and captured a modern feel of supper clubs of the 1930s and 40s in downtown San Diego.
Abu Bakrin Stadium is a football stadium in the city of Magelang, Indonesia.
In 1981, fire severely damaged the theatre and necessitated a second refurbishment.
Estádio Municipal Prof. Luís Augusto de Oliveira, usually known as Estádio Luisão, or just Luisão, is a football stadium in São Carlos, São Paulo State, Brazil.
It is home venue for Orlando Pirates Football Club, a professional soccer team, which plays in the Premier Soccer League
It is the home stadium of Futsal Super League teams Shahrdari Saveh.
The approximately 5,000-seat venue opened in 2001 and closed in March 2011 due to construction related to the Horseshoe Casino Cleveland.
Matches of HSV Borussia Friedenstal are held in this stadium.
Its formal name honors Alfredo Schürig, president of Corinthians from 1931 to 1933.
The first international game was played by the Romania national under-21 football team on 19 November 2013 in a match against Germany which ended 2-2.
It is home to the University of Central Arkansas Bears basketball program.
The AirAsia Philippine Patriots used the arena for some of its games during the 2012 ASEAN Basketball League season.
It has a capacity of 9,000 people and it is the homeground of the local football club Olympiakos Volou 1937 F.C.
It opened in 1870 and was rebuilt twice, although each new building retained elements of the previous structure.
It underwent major renovations in 2010 and 2011 to increase the capacity from 4,500 to over 7,000.
Parc Saint-Victor is a football stadium in Cap-Haïtien, Haiti.
Tucker Stadium has hosted the TSSAA high school football state championships since 2009.
The arena hosted NBA Africa Game 2015 on August 1, the first NBA-sanctioned game in Africa.
The Stadium went back to its original capacity of 1,051 seats.
It was designed by Japanese architect Toyo Ito in collaboration with Cecil Balmond at Arup AGU.
It is also known as Community Arts Centre, Coronation House, and Metro Arts Centre.
Malthouse Theatre is the resident theatre company of The Coopers Malthouse building in Southbank, part of the Melbourne Arts Precinct.
It opened on September 21, 1960, at 33 West 55th Street in Manhattan.
The band China Crisis were regulars at the club and it can be found mentioned in one of their album sleeves.
Estádio Aniceto Moscoso, usually known as Estádio Conselheiro Galvão, is a football stadium in Madureira neighborhood, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
The club's later location was at 6, Whitworth Street, M1 3QW.
Initially, the arena primarily hosted boxing and other sporting events.
The capacity of the arena is 10,223 spectators.
In 2016, the arena changed name for the third time in its history.
The capacity of the arena is 5,000 spectators.
The arena closed in 2001 and was replaced with the new $104 million Ralph Engelstad Arena on the north end of campus.
The Living Room was co-owned by Steve Rosenthal and Jennifer Gilson.
It is one of two major outdoor arenas in the New York metropolitan area, along with PNC Bank Arts Center.
Dvorana Mladosti is a sports hall in Rijeka, with sporting, cultural, business and entertainment events.
Jasmin Sports Hall is a multi-purpose indoor sports arena located in Kavadarci, Republic of Macedonia and seats 2,500 spectators.
The Skënder Halili Complex is the sports training facility and academy headquarters of Albanian football club KF Tirana.
The Riverboat Coffee House was a Canadian coffeehouse located at 134 Yorkville Avenue in the Yorkville neighbourhood of Toronto, Canada.
It was remodeled in 1996-97 following the departure of the basketball teams to become a full-time indoor track facility.
Many live recordings were made at the club.
Since its establishment in 2012, the Hall of Fame has inducted more than 48 individuals or groups.
guitarist Peter Buck, who has managed the club since 1987.
It is currently used mostly for football matches at the club level by PAF FC of the Pakistan Premier League.
Manisa 19 Mayis Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Manisa, Turkey.
It consists of a 95 seat main auditorium and a 40 seat studio complex.
The Victory Symphony Orchestra provided accompaniment for the film and music for the live show as well.
Smalls Paradise, was a nightclub in Harlem, New York City.
It originally opened as the ill-fated Tinseltown, an awards show-themed restaurant.
In 1913 financier Sir Alfred Butt rented an area in Paris.
The Waikiki Shell is a venue for outdoor concerts and other large gatherings in Waikiki area of Honolulu, Hawaii.
An amateur side, Royal Ordnance Factories, set up in response to Woolwich Arsenal joining the League, played some home games in the Invicta Ground.
The Avalon Regal received Chicago Landmark status on June 17, 1992.
It was located south of Parker Field, between Boulevard and Hermitage Road.
Erv Huether Field is a baseball venue in Brookings, South Dakota, United States.
Theatre on Đumruk, or Đumrukana, was established in Belgrade, Serbia in 1841.
It was one of the venues of the 1979 FIFA World Youth Championship and was a home stadium of Vissel Kobe.
The New York Times ranked F&M 26th in a ranking of "The Most Economically Diverse Top Colleges" in 2014.
It has a seating capacity of 8,000.
The stadium has a capacity of 20,396 spectators.
Demolition work began in February 2006 and was completed by the end of the following month.
The Bandy World Championship 1987 final was played here.
While playing at Ohio Field, the Buckeyes joined the Big Ten Conference, then known as the Western Conference, in 1912.
The building also houses the Fountainblu Banquet Centre with 5,500 square feet of indoor meeting space.
The theatre was honoured with a visit from HM The Queen in 2003, the theatre's fiftieth anniversary, and in 2013 the theatre celebrated its Diamond Jubilee.
Necessary arrangements are being finalized for development work on the Sialkot Hockey Stadium which will cost Rs 1002 million.
With a total of 3,854 fixed and retractable seats the main arena is a focal point of the Sydney Olympic Park Sports Centre.
The theater was also used for professional wrestling shows by Dragon Gate USA beginning in 2009.
Renzo Piano redesigned the facility to accommodate the archaeological remains and included a small museum to house the artifacts that were discovered.
The building faces Catherine Street and backs onto Drury Lane.
The grounds of the old stadium were maintained for several years after Temple's move to the Vet.
There is additional out-front seating in front of the building and a well ventilated smoking area warmed by radiant heat lamps.
Run by a collective called the Amazingrace Family, it was best known for its welcoming atmosphere, eclectic menu, excellent sound system, and respectful audiences.
It is the biggest football stadium in Kreis Gütersloh and currently has a capacity of 12,500 spectators.
The Springfield community responded with such enthusiasm that the Muni was able to rebuild its facility and return to the lake site theater in 1965.
Fully equipped to host international competitions, it has five curling sheets and can hold 1,000 spectators.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
The John W. Pope Jr. Convocation Center also host events such as the universities commencement ceremonies and other university related events.
It was founded in 1982 and has had many top comedians on its stage.
Imperial is owned by Nordisk Film and is located near Vesterport Station.
It is currently home to the HC Oceláři Třinec ice hockey team.
The Tyne Theatre and Opera House is a theatre in Newcastle upon Tyne, England.
Other donors to the park include William Polacek; the Southwestern Pennsylvania Heritage Preservation Commission; JAHA's Board of Directors; and other supporters and friends of JAHA.
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
Bassel al-Assad Swimming Complex is a swimming centre in Aleppo, Syria, featuring an indoor Olympic-size swimming pool with a seating capacity of 1,100 spectators.
The smaller theatre was extensively reconstructed in 1909, again by Frank Matcham, and re-opened in July 1910 as the Tivoli.
The occasion for this record crowd was the defence by the local side, North Auckland, of the prized Ranfurly Shield against Auckland.
In addition, the facility houses the athletics department and health and fitness offices.
The venue can host music concerts, sports events, congresses, and conferences.
It presented its first performance in 1861 and began operations in its present location in 1908.
Allen County War Memorial Coliseum is a 13,000-seat multi-purpose arena located in Fort Wayne, Indiana, near present-day Johnny Appleseed Park.
The Stade Pierre de Coubertin is an indoor arena in Paris, France.
It also hosted the Norway national ice hockey team.
Bonyan Diesel Stadium or Gostaresh Foulad Stadium is a soccer-specific stadium belongs to Gostaresh FC, located in west Tabriz, Iran.
and it has a crowd capacity of 3,000 seated spectators.
The venue had both indoor and outdoor concert space.
Bids from amateur dramatic, church and community groups, and local entertainment businesses to take-over the theatre's lease were unsuccessful.
The stadium holds 3,000 people, with 504 seats and has been used by Bala Town since the 1950s.
Scotstoun Stadium is an athletics and rugby union stadium in Scotstoun, an area in the West End of Glasgow, Scotland.
Estadio Olímpico Atahualpa replaced it as the premier football stadium in the city in 1962.
The seating capacity is approximately 1,000, consisting of general admission lawn seats and additional seating in the back.
It was purchased by the city in 1993 and been operated by a volunteer organisation, the Friends of the Loews, since that time.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
In 2011, the IFI was awarded Dublin's Best Cinema in Dublin Living Awards.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of C.D.
Colgate is a member of the Patriot League conference of the NCAA Division I.
Two 85-foot-tall towers are mounted with LED light strips that indicate future weather forecasts.
UiTM Stadium has once host a Malaysia national football team match against Maldives on 26 November 2009.
The stadium consists of a Tartan track and a football pitch.
The Dee and Charles Wyly Theatre is a theatre at the AT&T Performing Arts Center, located in the Arts District of downtown Dallas, Texas.
The December before the concert, it had hosted an opera honoring Kim Jong-suk, the mother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-il.
Total trip-related spending by out-of-town visitors attracted to Bend specifically to attend the concert series was $2.26 million.
It is designed to aid in the development of sport excellence on campus.
The baseball diamond at Bengal Field had an unorthodox southwest alignment, with the setting sun in right field; the recommended orientation is east-northeast.
With several refurbishments, most notably in 1991 and 1998, the theatre retains its baroque and Adamesque internal features.
With a regular Christmas show as well as touring productions, the venue is open throughout the year.
York Community Stadium is a proposed multi-purpose stadium in Huntington, York, England.
The Halle Tony Garnier is a concert hall in Lyon, France.
The venue has a main auditorium seating of 112 including space for wheelchair users, as well as a recording studio, dance studio and bar.
On 21 August 1964 a fire destroyed most of the theatre and the unsafe structure had to be demolished.
Anthony Bean Community Theater & Acting School was established in the spring of 2000.
Mark Ridley’s Comedy Castle is a comedy club located in Metro Detroit, at 310 S. Troy St., Royal Oak, Michigan 48067.
It opened in May 1983, to replace Sydney Stadium, which had been demolished in 1970 to make way for the Eastern Suburbs railway line.
It is used mostly for table tennis, swimming and football competitions.
Philip Sherburne described Berghain in 2007 as "quite possibly the current world capital of techno, much as E-Werk or Tresor were in their respective heydays".
Marquette Gymnasium is a gymnasium on the campus of Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
It was built in 1916, and is a trapezoidal shaped building in the Classical Revival style.
The stadium has a seating capacity of 32,500 with club seats and 12 luxury suites, completed in 2005.
In 1995, Espace Go moved to a new $5,000,000 complex on Saint Laurent Boulevard.
It reopened its doors on April 7, 2016.
Melançon Arena is an indoor arena located in Saint-Jérôme, Quebec.
The stadium has a capacity of 6,000 spectators.
This caused an uproar among the supporters, who demanded that one of the stands be named after former chairman and club owner Marten Eibrink.
Since its opening in 2003, it has operated at a $1 million to $3 million loss through 2008.
It was built in 1977 and renovated in 2001–2009.
The Bijou Theatre is a theater located in Knoxville, Tennessee, United States.
It was founded in 1931 by Francis Cleveland, the son of twenty-second president Grover Cleveland.
The arena also hosted Total Nonstop Action Wrestling's Lockdown pay-per-view on April 15, 2007 and the 2010 edition on April 18, 2010.
Estadio Polideportivo de Pueblo Nuevo is a multi-purpose stadium in San Cristóbal, Venezuela.
Koriyama West Soccer Stadium is a soccer stadium in Koriyama, Fukushima, Japan.
Due to its reconstruction, which started in 2003 and ended in 2005, it is also one of the most up-to-date and technologically advanced theatres in Serbia.
Managed by a non-profit organization, it claims to be Connecticut's premier presenter of the performing arts.
The Wycombe Swan was refurbished in the summer of 2010.
The arena holds 10,241 people and opened in 1998.
The Opera House portion of the building, on the northern part of the property, facing Market Street, was not torn down.
Convocation Hall is a domed rotunda on the grounds of the University of Toronto in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The Garden City Soccer Complex is an arena in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
It is primarily used for basketball games and the home arena of Força Lleida CE.
It was a resort stadium and was used to friendly matches and as a resting and training place for the Spain national football team.
As Uptown Building and Theatre, the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Although The Depot mainly hosts concerts, the venue also is available for corporate parties and private events with 17,000 square feet of banquet space available.
It was originally built as an athletics stadium, but also hosted football and rugby matches.
International design competition for the building was held in early 2008 and preparatory work began already in November the same year.
Now they use the Stadium as a home for Yemen national football team in 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification.
Most notably the club played host to The Ramones' first gig outside of the New York City metro area on July 20, 1976.
The Stade Souidani Boudjemaa is a multi-use stadium in Guelma, Algeria.It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of ES Guelma.
The Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts is a theatre, dance and world music venue in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
It gets its name from the old crane located right next to it.
In March 2015, while a major programme of renovation works were underway, the Grand Hall was severely damaged by fire.
It is located on the outskirts of Vigo on A Madroa hill.
The stadium was built in 1970 and currently has a seating capacity of 4,200.
Located at 3875 Holman Street, it is home to the Houston Cougars men's and women's basketball teams as well as the women's volleyball team.
The stadium has a capacity of 25,000 people.
It has a grass surface and flood-lighting.
The theatre was opened on 19 July 1977 by HRH Prince of Wales, and seats 781.
playing team, and is colloquially known by the name "Proodeftiki Stadium".
It officially opened on October 14, 2001, as part of the new Casino Del Sol, located on the Arizona Pascua Yaqui Tribe.
from 1918 to 1960, before being acquired by Glasgow Corporation as a venue for schools' football matches.
The Trent End of the City Ground is visible from parts of the Jimmy Sirrel stand and the Spion Kop.
It opened in spring 2008, along with Union Pizzeria, an affiliated restaurant in the same building.
The stadium was renamed to the Coca-Cola National Stadium after the multi-national company won the naming rights to the stadium in February 2009.
The large building is often referred to as simply "Covent Garden", after a previous use of the site of the opera house's original construction in 1732.
Soccer fans commonly refer to the stadium as "Emagumeni" meaning "our backyard" in iSiNdebele.
During the 1952 Winter Olympics, the venue was designated as a reserve venue for Bislett, but never used.
Ewen Fields in Hyde, Greater Manchester, England, is the home ground of Hyde United F.C.
The stadium was home to Club Atlético River Plate and by the 1930s they were one of the most popular clubs in Argentina.
American R&B star Beyoncé performed for the first time in the country on this stadium on October 22, 2007 during The Beyoncé Experience tour.
The Lyric has been the home of the Lyric Opera Baltimore company since 2011.
In 2014, it hosted the first televised match of the FFA Cup.
It replaced the aging Charlie Hurley Centre, located nearby.
The resident ensembles are the Orchestre de Paris and the Orchestre Philharmonique de Radio France.
The Arrington Ice Arena is a 500-seat ice arena located in Adrian, Michigan on the campus of Adrian College.
It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball.
130 x 65 for 3 on 3 events
The OSU Ice Rink is a 1,000 seat hockey rink located at Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio, United States.
Red Cap Garage, sometimes abridged as Red Cap, was a gay bar and nightclub that operated in Portland, Oregon from 1987 to 2012.
The arena has also been used for ice hockey.
The facility is named for the sixth president of the university, Stephen C. O'Connell, who served from 1967 to 1973.
It is the only ice rink in the state and serves as the home of Ice Hockey Tasmania and Ice Skating Tasmania.
Planning permission was granted in June 2007 and ground breaking was started on 12 May 2008.
It opened in December 1964 and closed June 25, 1978.
The Théâtre national populaire is a theatre now at Villeurbanne, France.
The Kingborough Sports Centre is a multi-purpose sports venue located in the southern Hobart suburb of Kingston.
The stadium has a capacity of 45,240 people.
Until 2004, only Varsity Football and track teams were allowed to use the stadium.
The stadium has a capacity of 3,000 people.
Varkenoord is the home base of both the Feyenoord Academy and the amateur football club SC Feyenoord.
Dinamo Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Samarkand, Uzbekistan.
It is the home venue of volleyball club Dinamo Krasnodar and handball clubs Kuban Krasnodar and SKIF Krasnodar.
It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball.
It was later converted to a live theatre, which has been its primary function ever since.
Marsaxlokk FC uses this ground for training and practice matches.
The track "Beautiful People" by James Reyne of Australian Crawl includes a reference to the Bombay Rock night club in Brunswick.
On Tuesday, 9 October 2007, Bellefield training ground played host to its last ever senior first team training session.
The record attendance of 13,652 dates from 2002.
One Direction also played as part of the warm-up for their Up All Night Tour in 2011.
It has been home to the Florida Atlantic Owls baseball team of the NCAA Division I Conference USA since 1991.
The Corn Exchange is a 400-seat arts centre in Newbury, Berkshire, UK.
It was a one-screen neighborhood movie house that opened in the mid-1930s that seated approximately 400 patrons.
It is used mostly for football matches.
The Gwangmyeong Velodrome is a velodrome in Gwangmyeong, South Korea.
It officially opened on 16 January 2008 with Uncle Vanya by Anton Chekhov, with Sir Peter Hall directing.
It was opened in 1993 and was partly owned by actor Johnny Depp until 2004.
It is the home of the Purdue University Boilermakers football team.
moved to Gateshead from Horsley Hill and became Gateshead AFC.
The local portion of North 10th Street was eventually renamed Stadium Drive in the years following the completion of Memorial Stadium.
The bar was connected to two others called Boxxes and the Brig.
The dining room and kitchen were added in 1928 by Harriet McKevett Teague and the McKevett Corporation.
The stadium was opened in 1913 and demolished in 1916.
Fundraising went slowly until in 1954, St. John's City Council floated a bond to finance the facility, which then became property of the city.
The players known as the Two Roads Players and later the Tujunga Group.
It serves as home stadium for football club HNŠK Moslavina.
Jesse Owens Memorial Stadium is a 10,000-capacity stadium located in Columbus, Ohio, United States.
It also has 13 multi-purpose rooms, which includes the Offices of the Governor and Sangguniang Panlalawigan, Administration and Engineering and Equipment Room.
Polka Theatre is a children’s theatre in Wimbledon, London Borough of Merton, for children aged 0– 13.
Facilities are also here for playing Table Tennis, Volleyball, Basketball and Handball in the Stadium.
The Whiting acquired its current title after a renovation in 1999.
Little Theatre in the Adelphi was a theatre in London, on what is now John Adam Street just west of the Royal Society of Arts.
It is located between the Stade Velodrome, at the gateway of the Metro north line and Huveaune.
As it has no artificial lightning, matches are not played after dusk.
Al-Ittihad Stadium is a football in Aleppo, Syria.
Fumin Kyosai Super Arena is an indoor sporting arena located in Osaka, Japan.
A new stadium was supposed to be built in the Lingostière side, but the project was cancelled in 2006.
The previous year, they drew an average home attendance of 7,276 for domestic league games.
It opened in 1990 as successor to Leeds Playhouse.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
DTE Energy Music Theatre is a 15,274-seat amphitheater located in Independence Township, Michigan, approximately 40 miles northwest of Detroit.
It is named after Iran's second president, Mohammad-Ali Rajai, who was from Qazvin.
It is made up of many identical red constructions, which house up to ten students each.
Along with other local teams, İzmir's volleyball powerhouse Arkas plays its matches in this hall.
It had previously been owned by SFX Entertainment and Clear Channel Worldwide, both predecessors of Live Nation.
It is the home ground of three major Bolivian league football clubs, Club Bolivar, The Strongest and La Paz F.C.
Umeda Arts Theater Co., Ltd. is a member of Hankyu Hanshin Toho Group and a subsidiary of Hankyu Corporation.
Before moving to its current premises, it was located on Fleet Street close to Concert Square.
Free concerts by local and national performers are held most Sundays throughout the summer.
In 1974, The Kitchen relocated to a building at the corner of Wooster and Broome Streets in SoHo, and incorporated as a not-for-profit arts organization.
The concerts are open to patrons of all ages.
In 1873 its interior was extensively damaged by fire but was eventually restored by 1877.
Skogsvallen is a sports ground in Luleå, Sweden and the home stadium for the football team IFK Luleå.
It opened on 8 October 1907 as a twin to the neighbouring Hicks Theatre which had opened ten months earlier.
The stadium is currently home to three football clubs.
It was built on the site of the demolished Cyanamid Niagara plant.
Musikhuset Aarhus is a large concert hall complex in Aarhus, Denmark.
Stadio Giovanni Mari is a multi-use stadium in Legnano, Italy.
The Helen Lab Theatre is a theater on Euclid Avenue in downtown Cleveland, Ohio, part of Playhouse Square.
The proscenium is 12.20 m wide and 14.80 m high.
The 40 Watt Club had its origins as Curtis Crowe's College Avenue loft back in 1978.
The general-admission ballroom accommodates approximately 990 guests.
The theatre is said to be one of the most haunted theatres in Britain.
It is located in Belgrade, Serbia, and was founded on 26 January 1999, by Madlena Zepter, wife of the Philip Zepter, Serbian businessman.
The theater was built by Marcus Loew's Loew's Ohio Theatres company.
Doc Wadley Stadium located in Tahlequah, Oklahoma is the home stadium of the NCAA Division II college football team the RiverHawks of Northeastern State University.
The stadium's peak capacity was 22,000 spectators.
The amphitheater was not opened for 2007, and there were tentative plans for opening in spring 2008.
The new glass-fronted box office, café and restaurant was designed by City Architect Trevor Smith, who also designed the award-winning Aberdeen Maritime Museum.
The theater was opened in 1939 and had originally a seating capacity of 1200 people.
The ground had a capacity of 2300 spectators, with 200 on seats or benches.
The Pantomime Theatre is an open-air theatre located in the Tivoli Gardens in Copenhagen, Denmark.
The entertainment at Smalls Paradise was not limited to the stage; waiters danced the Charleston or roller-skated as they delivered orders to customers.
The main space contains a 27-by-80-foot proscenium stage.
It is sometimes used for football matches from the local team.
Along with the high school's sports teams, the stadium is also a locale for a number of the high school's physical education programs.
The Fukushima Prefectural Culture Center is a large multipurpose public cultural facility in the city of Fukushima, Japan, which opened in September 1970.
In 1995, the year the MNTC opened, it won an USTA Outstanding Facility Award for a collegiate facility.
This art deco building was designed by Clifford A. Balch.
Princes Park is a football stadium in Dartford, Kent, England.
The St. James Civic Centre arena has been one of the more prominent hockey venues in Winnipeg since its opening.
Besides hockey, it also hosts concerts, basketball, motor sports, ice shows, major curling events, circuses, boxing, rodeos, professional wrestling, trade shows and conventions.
It is a Grade II Listed Building.
The Blind Pig is a music venue in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Construction began on 27 April 2012, and the arena was opened on 6 October 2012.
Completed in 1927, this movie palace and vaudeville house featured a luxurious 2,800 seat interior with 4 screens.
With 5,500 square feet, it serves men's and women's basketball, men's and women's crew, men's and women's swimming, and squash.
The stadium had a capacity of 25,800 people and was built in 1955.
While metal bands appeared frequently, Bogart's offered performances of several music styles each week.
It was the venue for the 2003 UEFA Cup Final between Celtic and Porto.
The Base has produced several Chinese internationals including Jiang Zhipeng, Zhang Linpeng, Yan Junling, Cai Huikang and Wu Lei.
The Palace and its sister theatre the Opera House on Quay Street are operated by the same parent company, Ambassador Theatre Group.
There are a total of 4,000 seats in gates three and four.
Haskovo Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Haskovo, Bulgaria.
At that time, the Musikhalle was Germany's largest and most modern concert hall.
The stadium has a capacity of 10,000 people.
Hale Stadium is a 10,000-seat outdoor stadium located on the campus of Tennessee State University in Nashville, Tennessee.
Sai Kung Tang Shiu Kin Sports Ground is a rugby union stadium on Fook Man Road, Sai Kung, New Territories, Hong Kong.
As a result, authorities granted permits for the pavilion instead.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Al Yarmouk.
The Modell Performing Arts Center is a music venue in Baltimore, Maryland, United States, located close to the University of Baltimore.
Dr Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Indoor Stadium is an indoor stadium located on the campus of Goa University at Taleigao.
The facility is primarily used by Fort Hays State University for college football team.
The main sports venue at the complex is the National Stadium.
The Estádio Rei Pelé, also known as Trapichão, is a multi-purpose stadium in Maceió, Brazil.
Stadion Cibalia is a multi-purpose stadium in Vinkovci, Croatia.
It has a capacity of 12,000 people.
Ray Sheeran Field is a rugby facility on Treasure Island in San Francisco, California that opened in 2005.
There are rooms for each team, doctors and massage rooms, a laboratory for doping tests, the press center.
Originally opened in 1927 as "Ute Stadium," it was the home of the Utah Utes football team.
It replaced the previous home of Cowboys basketball, War Memorial Fieldhouse.
Müpa Budapest is a building in Ferencváros, Budapest, Hungary, officially opened in March 2005.
The amphitheatre has played host to many music festivals, including 60's Summer Spectacular, All That!
Goat Hinch and Whitey Sullivan, who were executed in 1903 for the murder of Matthew Wilson during a bank robbery, were among its regular customers.
It was opened in February 1926 to host a car exhibition and was last renovated in 1996–97.
Marcel Merkès was a regular performer here from the late 1940s to the mid-1970s.
It was renovated in 1999/2000, opening again in May 2000.
Following the war, the hotel became the center of Knoxville's Gilded Age extravagance, hosting lavish masquerade balls for the city's elite.
The trust also receives financial support from the Bath and North East Somerset local authority.
The cheering section was founded in 2003 by three Princeton undergraduates and quickly grew to be the largest student group on campus.
It is currently used mostly for football matches, and is the home of FC TSK Simferopol, and formerly SC Tavriya Simferopol.
The site, now occupied by the office buildings of Nuevos Ministerios, was on the outskirts of Madrid at that time.
It was built in 1903 as a music hall and in 1953 became the BBC Television Theatre.
The stadium's total capacity is 2,000, out of which 1,010 are seated.
The new Riverpoint Royals would play at McCarthy field.
The theatre is said to be haunted by the benevolent ghost of Charles Marford, one of its founders.
This stadium hosted the Pool D matches of the 2016 African nations championship.
However, after Kajotbet started sponsoring the arena, it was renamed Kajot Arena.
It has previously been known as The Hollywood Playhouse, The WPA Federal Theatre, El Capitan Theatre, The Jerry Lewis Theatre, The Hollywood Palace and The Palace.
The Crescent Theatre is a small, amateur theatre run mostly by volunteers, in Sheepcote Street, Brindleyplace, in Birmingham, England.
The State Theatre was renamed KeyBank State Theatre in 2017 in honor of a $10 million gift to the Playhouse Square Advancing the Legacy Campaign.
It is the home ground of Sportul Şimleu Silvaniei.
The gymnasium is informally known as "The Dog House" due to the hot temperature and loud environment for opposing teams.
Home to the Bilkent Symphony Orchestra, the building hosts over 80 concerts per year.
The building itself was designed by Boston firm Sasaki Associates with acoustics overseen by Artec Consultants.
It opened in 1997 on Glassford Street, before moving to its present site on King Street.
During the 1992 Summer Olympics it hosted six football matches.
The mission of the ETPAC is to enhance the community of Prescott by providing space for practice, rehearsal and training of the performing arts.
The 5,000 seat ground is home to the USC Gamecocks soccer teams since 1981, when the Gamecocks started the men's program in 1978.
It was one of five deluxe "Wonder Theatres" that Loew's built in the New York City area.
Attached to the arena are three meeting rooms totaling 18,960 square feet of space.
It replaced the older Gelora 10 November Stadium.
It is a FIFA 2-Star quality pitch, FIFA's highest rating for 3G artificial pitches.
Dalang Arena is an indoor sporting arena located in Dalang, Dongguan, Guangdong, China.
In 2007 Sør Arena replaced Kristiansand stadion as home ground.
It has a capacity of 5,000 people.
It was named after 1st Lieutenant Edward C. Christl Jr. '44, a former basketball captain who was killed in combat in Austria during World War II.
As the second-largest seating venue in Salisbury, it also occasionally is used for concerts or other events.
Considered to be one of the largest indoor entertainment venues in Brazil and one of the largest in Latin America.
Stade Georges Pompidou is a stadium in Valence, France.
The block on which the building stands was slated to be torn down and rebuilt as a combined shopping centre and office complex.
The Jazz Café is a music venue in Camden Town, London.
In 2010, the still-vacant land was rezoned for senior citizens' apartments and commercial development.
On July 24, 2006, the Alcohol and Gaming Commission of Ontario revoked the Docks' liquor licence.
In 1983, Andrew Lloyd Webber purchased and by 1991 had refurbished the theatre.
Stratford Circus also leads the National Partnership of Arts Centres through their Director and NPAC co-chair Clare Connor.
In 1982 the ship was bought by Ki Longfellow-Stanshall, the wife of Vivian Stanshall, refitted, and brought to Bristol in 1983 as the Old Profanity Showboat.
The interior resembles an American western town from that same period.
The facility consists of two primary performance spaces: the 1,984-seat Zellerbach Auditorium, and the 500-seat Zellerbach Playhouse.
Formerly known as the Chelsea Theatre Center and the Westside Arts Theatre, the building was renovated in 1991.
Soccer Bowl '75 was also held at Spartan Stadium.
There is not normally segregation at Stranraer matches, but there are 2,000 places for away fans.
Heroes National Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Lusaka, Lusaka Province, Zambia.
Situated on the promenade overlooking the River Mersey, it presents a mix of comedy, music and children's shows including a Christmas pantomime.
It is located near the town's rugby ground, Philiphaugh Stadium.
It had a capacity of 5,000 spectators.
The UMass Softball Complex softball field located on the campus of the University of Massachusetts Amherst in Amherst, Massachusetts.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of FK Proleter 2006 and FK Banat Zrenjanin.
Linzi Stadium is a football stadium in Linzi, China.
It is named after Brazilian footballer Romário de Souza Faria.
It is the home ground of the British Army's football and rugby teams, Aldershot, Farnham and District Athletic Club and the Army Athletics Association.
It is owned and operated by Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc.
The building also houses the Orchestra of St. Luke's DiMenna Center for Classical Music.
Used for football, soccer, and track & field it has been home to Rockwall High School since the stadium's opening and Rockwall-Heath High School since 2005.
The Ormes Stadium is an athletics stadium located at Lomme along the street Lompret.
Nets are also available for cricket training.
Erny Field is the current home of the Arcadia University baseball team.
It was used by Olympiacos for about 2 years as home ground, due to the construction of their new stadium Karaiskaki.
Brett's Barn, with 8,210 square feet of space plus another 2,400 square feet on the open deck.
The National Theatre is the main theatre of Budapest, opening originally in 1837.
The Courtyard Centre for the Arts is a theatre and arts venue in Hereford, England, located on Edgar Street just outside the city centre.
The London Pavilion is a building on the corner of Shaftesbury Avenue and Coventry Street on the north-east side of Piccadilly Circus in London.
It is located at 1506 NW Grand Avenue, on the corner of Grand Avenue and 15th Avenue.
Because of construction work at the Ernst-Grube-Stadion between May 1979 and May 1981, DDR-Oberliga side 1.
Umeda Arts Theater is a Japanese theater located at Chayamachi Applause in Chayamachi, Kita-ku, Osaka, operated by Umeda Arts Theater Co., Ltd.
Tami Oachs, Executive Director Matt Drevlow, President of the Board of Directors Dan Freking, Bookkeeper Marilyn Filan, Secretary
The Guvernment was a nightclub complex in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The gym houses the Foundation for Education and Culture of SCI, where the library is located.
The Viper Room has undergone several changes in ownership, and continues to host music of multiple genres, including metal, punk rock, and alternative rock.
It was a popular venue for concerts by both Japanese and western artists.
In the 1950s, the cinema was redesigned, increasing the capacity to 1,200.
In 2005 a children's theatre known as The Egg was opened.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
The Bombay Rock features in the film Death in Brunswick representing itself as a dangerous and sleazy music venue.
It officially opened its doors for the first time in 2009 and closed in March 2013.
It was initially used as the stadium of SV Waldhof Mannheim matches.
The Pickleville Playhouse was named for the town in which it once resided, Pickelville.
Mackey Arena is located in West Lafayette, Indiana.
The Quinta Vergara Amphitheater is an open-air amphitheater within the Parque Quinta Vergara located in Viña del Mar, Chile.
In the 1990s, the theatre was renamed The Golden Princess.
There are also washrooms and electrical facilities on the opposite end of the plaza.
The amphitheater opened in 2007 with a three-day Sunset Concert, featuring country artist John Anderson
The Washington Society of Landscape Painters is one of the United States' oldest fine art organizations.
and their predecessors from its construction in 1887 until 1923, when the club moved to Maine Road.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Harrow Borough F.C.
The first sporting event held in the hall was a Richmond Spiders men's basketball game against the VMI Keydets.
For over 40 years, the Faribault Art Center has been part of the Faribault community.
Contests on ascension along this unique stairs are regularly carried out.
The Gielgud Theatre is a West End theatre, located on Shaftesbury Avenue in the City of Westminster, London, at the corner of Rupert Street.
The club was first opened in 1978, in the city's former Imperial Theatre on Bank Street.
The complex features four ninety foot base path artificial turf fields and three are seventy foot artificial turf fields.
Guangxi Sports Center is a multi-purpose stadium in Nanning, China.
The largest attendance was in 1987 in a match between Koper and Olimpija.
The academic programs fall into either the School of Arts and Sciences or the AACSB International-accredited Sigmund Weis School of Business.
Inaugurated in 1990, since then it hosts the home games of the football club Stade Briochin.
The Fridge also became famous for its Africa Centre nights, playing hip hop and funk hosted by UK group Soul II Soul.
The Karamel Club is a small multi-purpose theatre/arts venue in Wood Green, London.
Many of the productions starred Nellie Farren.
Ştrand Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Piteşti, Romania.
In 1923, the St. Louis Cardinals were to travel to Bradenton for spring training.
The last game at Hughes Stadium was played on November 19, 2016, with the Rams defeating New Mexico by a score of 49–31.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
However, the stadium is situated a few kilometers within the border of the Gauteng province.
The theatre was inaugurated on 3 August 1778 and was originally known as the Nuovo Regio Ducale Teatro alla Scala.
It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball, and also hosts concerts.
The facility opened in 1965 and is owned by the Hillsboro School District.
The stadium got its name from former Missouri governor and 1952 Mizzou graduate Warren Hearnes.
It hosts the University of Notre Dame Fighting Irish college baseball team.
Wake Forest University's current home stadium was also known as Groves Stadium until 2006.
The Congress Theatre is the principal theatre in Torfaen.
Another renovation in 1910 saw a second grandstand added, with amenities such as brick ticket booths and iron fences, boosting capacity to 14,000.
Liberatum champions women's rights and women in creativity through its platforms across the world.
It is situated on Oxford Street, on the north-east corner of the intersection with Whitworth Street.
In 2013, the Volunteers ranked 38th in among Division I baseball programs in attendance, averaging 1,846 per home game.
Kimpisen urheilukeskus is an athletics stadium in Lappeenranta, Finland.
Stake was handed over to the government of Jakarta," said Marlan, a field manager.
The Mercury Ballroom is a music venue in downtown Louisville, Kentucky.
Since 2000, it has been used as a performance venue for live music and other performing arts events.
Two AC Men's ACHA DIII competing at the ACHA DII level, Black and Gold squads.
The induction ceremony and concert are held each year in Muskogee.
Music Hall of Williamsburg is a New York City venue located at 66 North 6th Street in the Williamsburg neighborhood of Brooklyn.
The stadium was abandoned in 2006 due to safety problems.
The stadium has a capacity of 7,000 spectators.
Located in Malleswaram, it was built as a tribute to Tirumakudalu Chowdiah.
The stadium was initially constructed in 1957 but at the time had no seats, just two terraces.
It has a capacity of 18,500, with 8,000 reserved seats and 10,500 unreserved lawn seats.
Clune Arena is the men's and women's basketball arena.
The Nikaia Municipal Stadium is a football stadium in the Athens suburb of Nikaia.
It was listed under Criteria B and its NRIS number is 03000874.
Genbao Football Base is the training ground of Shanghai East Asia F.C.
It is currently home to the SV Post Schwerin handball team.
On 21 July 2009, the arena is undergoing renovation.
Time Warner Cable Amphitheater was owned and operated by Live Nation, a company that also runs Jacobs Pavilion at Nautica and Blossom Music Center.
The Princes Hall website www.princeshall.com won Best Recreation or Tourism Website at the 2008 Hantsweb Awards
In 1902 horse racing competitions were held in the stadium, and in 1904 the first flower festival was organized.
Radford Baseball Stadium is a baseball venue on the campus of Radford University in Radford, Virginia, United States.
It sells foreign and independently brewed beers and offers vegetarian/vegan dishes in addition to standard bar fare.
It hosted the Sex Pistols in 1978, and several bands from the Second British Invasion.
The venue predominantly serves the Triangle area.
The venue can hold up to 10,000 people depending on the event.
Former names of the arena were Sportski centar Višnjik and Arena Zadar.
The minor hall is designed for conferences and presentations and can house 400 visitors.
Currently the stadium is owned primarily by the municipal government.
Bemidji Area Wiffle Ball began playing their games in The Fieldhouse beginning in 2014.
Tim was succeeded by General Manager Natalie Ackers in 2008.
Stadion Ludowy is a multi-use stadium in Sosnowiec, Poland.
The company began, as the Municipal Players, in 1924.
On September 27, 2013 was announced through official site the end of activities for next May 31, 2014.
The theatre director is Alexander Grigoryan since 1965.
Originally named Haskins Field, for the son of a primary donor, stadium opened on October 8, 1904 with the University of Iowa winning 17–0 over Drake.
African Men's Handball Championship: 1974, 1981, 1985, 1994, 2006
Estadio IPD de Moyobamba is a multi-use stadium in Moyobamba, Peru.
It was built in 1975 and is home to the UTSA Roadrunners men's and women's basketball teams and women's volleyball team.
The stadium was inaugurated on October 11, 2013, with a friendly match between local side Hassania Agadir and Algerian club JS Kabylie.
The stadium has a capacity of 5,000 spectators.
It was formerly the home field of Baylor University's athletic teams from the time shortly after the stadium was built in 1936 until 1949.
The Grand Theatre seats 457 on two levels.
It is located in the Andalusian city of Córdoba.
It puts on about seven shows a year.
Created as a multipurpose event space, ICC Sydney has over 70 meeting rooms, three theatres and two formal ballrooms.
Memorial Stadium closed in 2001, replaced by Mile One Centre.
Socialite Evalyn Walsh McLean, owner of the Hope Diamond, once lost the gem under a Stork Club table during an evening visit to the club.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and it also has athletics facilities, the stadium holds 45,000 and was built in 2003.
The Elbphilharmonie was officially inaugurated with concerts of the NDR Elbphilharmonie Orchestra and a light show on 11 January 2017.
The stadium was renovated in 2006 due to Banfield's qualification for the Copa Sudamericana 2006 and Copa Libertadores 2007.
is a multi-purpose concert venue located in the Arena District of Columbus, Ohio.
Brooklyn Bowl is a music venue, bowling alley and restaurant in the Williamsburg neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York.
Beringin Stadium is a football stadium in the town of Tembilahan, Indragiri Hilir Regency, Indonesia.
Through ownership changes, it has been known at various times as UCLAN Theatre, Crest Theatre, and Metro Theatre.
It is the home field of the Houston Cougars baseball team.
Hohe Warte Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Vienna, Austria.
In 2001, the facility was named one of the five toughest places to play in college basketball by ESPN's Jay Bilas.
Pinebridge Coliseum, also known as The Bridge Coliseum, is a 5,000 seat indoor arena located in Spruce Pine, North Carolina.
Wanderers Oval, nicknamed Magic Park, is a multi-use sportsground in Newcastle, Australia.
Erected on the site of one of Melbournes earliest play-houses the old "Iron Pot," a theatre originally built 1855 and abandoned in 1894.
Fans enter the stadium through four gates situated at the top of each corner of the facility.
The Webster Bank Arena is a 10,000-seat multi-purpose arena at 600 Main Street in Bridgeport, Connecticut, built alongside The Ballpark at Harbor Yard.
Since 2008, the stadium has been the home field for the Tennessee Valley Tigers, a women's American football team currently in the Women's Spring Football League.
It was home to the Bemidji State University Beavers men's and women's ice hockey teams until October 2010.
Formerly the Lyric Theatre, the venue changed to its current name in late 2011.
They also plan for a performance training facility.
The theater is housed in two renovated buildings, and seats 139 people in its main auditorium.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of United Petrotrin.
The play was performed 127 times, breaking a record previously held by Cats in 2004.
The National Theatre of Yangon, located in Yangon, is a national theatre of Myanmar.
!- was held on May 3-4, 2014.
In 2010, the stadium gained Four stars classification from UEFA.
The Everett Events Center opened in October 2003.
In December 2014, Porter announced intention to sell the building to developers.
Helsinki Velodrome is an outdoor velodrome and american football stadium in Helsinki, Finland.
The church spent £200,000 on the building and in 2013 leased it a charity, Youth Village, they then decided to sell the building.
Alumni Stadium is the athletics stadium at Bob Jones University, a Protestant fundamentalist university in Greenville, South Carolina.
The Golden Bough Playhouse is a historic theatre in Carmel-by-the-Sea, California on Monte Verde St., between 8th and 9th Avenues.
The Spitz are an independent record label and music promoter.
The stadium holds 2,500 people and was built in 1994.
Charleston Civic Center is a municipal complex located in the downtown area of Charleston, West Virginia.
The stadium was built in 1919 and holds 14,650.
The demolition of Žalgiris stadium was started on July 5, 2016.
The venue is owned by Nautica Entertainment Complex, which is owned by Jacobs Investments Inc.
It hosted a first round match between China and Myanmar during 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying.
The theatre did not close at any point during the building works: instead running an interim arts programme called The Chrysalis Club.
On both occasions a temporary roof was installed on one side of the stadium, where the clay court was placed.
The venue has a seating capacity of 1,930 making it the second largest house on Broadway.
The main grandstand was demolished in Spring 2014.
A £7 million Regeneration Project was completed in September 2013 with a renovated front of house area and community performance space called The Lab.
It opened in 1975 and is home to the University of Oklahoma men's and women's basketball teams.
The Palavela was featured in the 1969 film The Italian Job.
Logan Park is a sporting venue in the city of Dunedin, New Zealand.
Success was short lived and was converted to a venue for progressive rock bands and finally closed in December 1982 and later demolished for commercial use.
Over the years it has served as the home ground for Nicosia teams such as AC Omonia, APOEL and Olympiakos.
The Batumi Stadium is a football stadium currently under construction in Batumi, Georgia, and planned to be opened in 2018.
During the Second World War, St Andrew's suffered bomb damage and the grandstand, housing a temporary fire station, burned down in an accidental fire.
It is the home of Dynamo Kazan.
Central Music Hall was a mixed-use commercial building and theater in Chicago, situated on the southeast corner of State and Randolph Streets.
Tipitina's stands as one of the best-known clubs in New Orleans.
The theatre was Grade II* listed by English Heritage in September 1960.
Spartan Park is an outdoor football ground in Avalon, Lower Hutt, the home of the American Football Wellington's Hutt Valley Spartans.
Construction of the building took place in 1931 on land owned by the university.
American singer Tina Turner performed 5 consecutive shows at the venue on 1 - 5 March 1988 as part of her Break Every Rule World Tour.
The club was used primarily to host boxing matches, but also hosted dances and other functions.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of A.C.
In an interview Brand explained why she chose The Comedy Store for her portrait, and her experiences performing there early in her career.
Bette Midler may have performed there in the 1980s during her "bathhouse performance tour, to a sold-out, towel-clad crowd".
It has a capacity of 20,000 and it is used mostly for association football matches.
The Greek Theatre is owned by the city of Los Angeles, and is operated by SMG.
Previously, the Vees played at Penticton Memorial Arena.
The Urban Council explored the provision of a regional cultural centre in East Kowloon as early as the mid-1980s.
The venue opened on July 7, 1992, with a performance by the Gipsy Kings.
All concerts are standing-room-only as there are no seats in the venue.
The venue is also host to a full summer schedule of popular music acts and symphonic performances.
The stadium was named after Frank Eck, an alumnus, benefactor and advisor to the university.
It hosted the 1982 European Champions Cup final and was the regular home venue for BSC Saturn Köln basketball team.
Slowdown's shows are usually all ages unless otherwise specified, but on nights there is not an event the venue functions as a bar.
The hall plays host to a variety of touring productions, stand up comedians, live bands, opera, and most famously classical music.
Port Vila Municipal Stadium is a sports stadium located in Port Vila, Vanuatu.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Maccabi Herzliya.
This is not to be confused with the current Drake Stadium built in 1925.
Maclellan Gymnasium is a 4,177-seat multi-purpose arena in Chattanooga, Tennessee.
The hockey rink seats 1,400 and hosts the Division I men's hockey team and the Division III women's hockey team, which was formed in 1998.
The grandstand was supplemented with a second stand in 1960.
It is the home arena of the ice hockey team BIK Karlskoga.
Under the Tomorrow Club name, the venue hosted such bands as AC/DC, KISS, Rush, Ted Nugent, The Ramones and The Runaways.
Mystic Muffin is a Canadian fast-food falafel restaurant in Toronto, Canada, located at the corner of Jarvis St. and Richmond St.
It is used mostly for football matches and is the home field of CSM Politehnica Iași and Știința Miroslava.
It is named for a regional bank which purchased naming rights to the arena's name.
The club opened in December 2002 and had at time of closing, three levels of floor space, three segmented rooms and a VIP floor.
Its main auditorium is named after A.B.
The stadium has a capacity of 15,000 spectators.
It has a capacity of 6,000, with 1,800 seated.
After the centre was opened it became the area's main venue for indoor sports such as volleyball, basketball and netball.
The Electric Cinema is a movie theatre in Notting Hill, London, and is one of the oldest working cinemas in the country.
It is also available for public and private functions.
A speakeasy during the Prohibition Era, the bar is rumored to have once had a secret underground tunnel connecting it to 5 Corners Saloon.
The game was played in front of a crowd of 1,835 spectators.
It is currently the home stadium of FC Jeunesse Canach.
It is also one of the home grounds for the NSW Country Eagles team that plays in the National Rugby Championship.
It serves as venue for cultural exchange with foreigners.
The closest metro station is Myakinino, the first privately funded station and the first metro station in Moscow Oblast.
Its patron is Princess Michael of Kent.
Other schools include Connecticut Huskies, WPI Engineers and Holy Cross Crusaders.
While it served primarily as a movie palace in its earlier incarnation, today it primarily hosts musical performances.
The Octagon building was given an additional storey in 1880 and remodelled at the ground floor in 1928 to provide the present theatre entrance.
A children's Splash Park was built in 2014, and the reserve also has barbeque and picnic facilities.
The Bluebird receives over 70,000 visitors annually.
The theatre was opened in November 1992 by Wycombe District Council and has been acquired by HQ Theatre since.
The ground takes its name from a section of the A207 road in Welling, London, immediately adjacent to Danson Park.
Its largest attendance was 2,100, in the league playoff 2008–09 vs Deveronvale which they won 3-1 to lift the league title for the third year running.
Progress stadium is the home of Uzbek League team Qizilqum Zarafshon.
Other locations have a medieval theme complete with tapestries and heavy iron chandeliers.
The inauguration featured operattas of Esperanza Iris, the famous Mexican singer known as the Empress of Operetta.
Thus, Stonebridge Road has been the home of Ebbsfleet and its predecessor football clubs for over 100 years.
Stal Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Alchevsk, Ukraine.
Fortuna Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Covaci, Timiş County.
The stadium was named after the Peruvian mestizo Inca Garcilaso de la Vega and inaugurated in 1960, with an initial capacity of 30,000.
Since 2003 the area serves as a sports park.
The stadium was named for a mayor of Tarbes, Maurice Trelut who played for the rugby club Stadoceste Tarbais.
The Cypriot national team has also played home matches there in the past.
The complex has two performance venues, the Grand Hall which holds 2,034 people and the Charter Theatre which holds 780 people.
Current seating capacity for spectators is 1,500 - approximately 1,000 in the primary rink and approximately 500 in the secondary rink.
For several months during 2008, it was the largest indoor arena in Croatia, and now it is the third largest.
Along with CBGB's, the Whisky a Go Go, and selected others, it was instrumental in launching American punk rock and "new wave music."
In mid-1956, this group performed Samuel Beckett's Waiting for Godot, a play that had been banned in all Communist countries.
The capacity of the hall is 600 people.
The versatility of the venue is demonstrated by its ability to host other events like the World Extreme Cagefighting and TNA Wrestling Impact!.
The venue struggled under the Starr Palace name and closed for good in late 1988.
Since its opening on November 9, 2001, the theater has hosted the Academy Awards ceremonies, initially held there in March 2002.
In 1995 the club redeveloped the North Stand.
The Dean Street venue has been associated with numerous festivals including the PizzaExpress Jazz Festival, the Soho Jazz Festival, the Steinway Festival and the Revoice Festival.
It plays host to many concerts, sporting events, and other forms of entertainment.
The park has clubhouse and changing room facilities and the fields have lighting suitable for hosting night time sports events.
The whole project was the result of the creativity of the Mexican architect Pedro Ramírez Vázquez.
It is a pending Boston Landmark which will regulate further changes to the park.
Municipal Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Turda, Romania.
Tiantai Stadium was built in 1932 as Qingdao Stadium, modelling on Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, which hosted the 1932 Summer Olympics.
It was named for the late F.R.
It was the only purpose-built concert hall or "live house" in the Tokyo metropolitan area that can accommodate 1,500 people.
The theater was foreclosed on in 2011; it was sold to Community Capital Investment LLC in 2014.
Gradski vrt is a multi-use stadium in the Croatian city of Osijek.
Alice Noble Ice Arena is a 900-seat multi-purpose arena in Wooster, Ohio.
Stadio Ezio Scida is a football stadium in Crotone, Italy.
They are officially called "Javier Sotomayor", for Javier Sotomayor who set the world record in high jump there, but they are popularlly called "Pistas del Helmántico".
It hosted Dream 16, the mixed martial arts promotion in Japan on September 25, 2010.
When JRC and Carrico parted ways with The Paper Heart to open the Trunk Space, Sanders opened a bar inside the gallery.
In the other direction from the pub Pantip Plaza shopping mall is located.
The Free Times Cafe is a live music venue and restaurant located at 320 College Street in Toronto.
Mechanics Hall is a concert hall in Worcester, Massachusetts.
It was considered one of the fanciest, hippest dinner nightclubs experiences of that time featuring dinner, drinks and a showcase of top entertainment.
The original name of the stadium was Haskins Field, but it was changed to Drake Stadium at the request of the Haskins.
Arena capacity can be configured for up to 12,200 people.
Billy Bob's opened April 1, 1981 to national attention with Larry Gatlin & the Gatlin Brothers as the first performers.
The neighborhood subsequently went into decline again, and so did the caliber of businesses occupying the space.
The previous time the league held their mid-summer classic in Fort Myers was 2003.
It has a capacity of 30,000 and it is used mostly for football matches.
Kalegowa Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Gowa Regency, Indonesia.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and hosts the home matches of Ligue 2 club, AC Arles-Avignon.
The center was at 312 Houston Street, and prefigured the redevelopment of Sundance Square into a dining and entertainment district.
The Anvil is a concert hall and a performing arts centre in the town of Basingstoke in Hampshire, UK.
It is a Grade II* listed building, which was refurbished in 1928 in traditional style, and is reputedly the oldest working theatre site in Wales.
The restaurant closed on May 22, 2004, despite garnering the James Beard Foundation's Most Outstanding Restaurant in the Country award in the same year.
The stadium has a capacity of 30,000 people.
The stadium holds 25,000 people and has an on-site hotel.
It is home to the North Florida Ospreys men's and women's basketball and women's volleyball teams.
It is part of the Oncenter Complex.
The venue is home to a range of international trade and consumer exhibitions, conferences and events.
Ashdod Performing Arts Center is a performing arts venue located in Ashdod, Israel.
The local team using Hannah Park is Shotts Bon Accord.
It was formerly named Daegu World Cup Stadium but was changed to Daegu Stadium on 5 March 2008.
Before 2003, the stadium could seat 8,000 people.
It is mainly used for field hockey and has a capacity of 6,000 spectators.
The Biscuit Factory is a Contemporary art gallery in Newcastle upon Tyne.
The two practice rinks have only got limited areas for the public.
Both buildings virtually mark the geographic center of the American University campus.
It was built in 1951, on the site of the former Central Public School, at a cost of $700,000.
The Joy Theater is a theater and historic landmark built in 1947 on Canal Street in downtown New Orleans, Louisiana.
The arena changed owners in February 2006 and underwent renovations for 100 million SEK in 2007 to make it a modern arena.
The Oklahoma Music Hall of Fame, located in Muskogee, Oklahoma, honors Oklahoma musicians for their lifetime achievements in music.
In March 1997, Larry D. Parker was named as new executive director of the Albuquerque Little Theatre and continued producing quality theatre through the 2005-06 Season.
The Warsteiner HockeyPark is a multi-use stadium in Mönchengladbach, Germany.
It also hosted a match during the 1995 Rugby League World Cup.
Whilst the two theatres were physically linked, they only formally merged as one combined organisation in 1999, run by the Northampton Theatres Trust.
Sport-Kompleksi Shatili is a multi-use stadium in Tbilisi, Georgia.
Its founders - Helena Philipová, Ivan Vyskočil, Jiří Suchý and Vladimír Vodička named their professional theatre after a street leading from the square to the river.
Artists such as Crash Test Dummies, Blue Man Group, Bryan Adams and Elton John have played there, and it has also hosted Stars on Ice.
It is located in Regency Park, which is owned and operated by the Town of Cary.
Pankritio Stadium is a sports stadium located in Heraklion on the island of Crete.
From 2001-2004, Underbelly was the only venue operated by Underbelly Limited.
The Sir Jack Hayward Training Ground is the training ground and academy base of English football club Wolverhampton Wanderers Football Club.
The State Theatre is a 571-seat non-profit community theatre in State College, Pennsylvania.
Prior to 1997, the stadium was named Dyche Stadium, for William Dyche, Class of 1882, former Evanston mayor and overseer of the building project.
It has been voted as one of America's best bars by Esquire.
The stadium has a capacity of 1,000 people.
and It is used for all Samsung Sports teams.
It was officially founded on 12 November 1956 in the premises of the Borba building, in front of 212 chairs.
It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by KRL FC of the Pakistan Premier League.
The Compass Theatre is a 158-seat theatre in Ickenham owned by the London Borough of Hillingdon.
The Palacio Vistalegre is a multipurpose arena located in Madrid, Spain.
Initial seating capacity was approximately 500 until 1907, when a grandstand and bleachers were added.
A collonated great hall includes a mural of Ulrim Falls.
It is located in the south part of the city.
Archbold Gymnasium is a gymnasium located on the campus of Syracuse University in Syracuse, New York.
Notable artists such as Marcus Miller have performed at Cliff Bell's.
The ice rink is owned and operated by the Rolling Meadows Park District.
College Hockey East held their inaugural season playoffs at York City Ice Arena in February 2014.
It is notable for its unique roof consisting of three interlocking shells.
The Half Moon is a public house and music venue on Lower Richmond Road in Putney, London, offering both lunchtime and evening live music performances.
The building is named after Roy Hofheinz his late wife, Irene Cafcalas "Dene" Hofheinz after they donated $1.5 million to help fund construction.
On the home side, a concession stand was added at the south end to be used for the baseball and softball fields once they are completed.
On May 7, 1968, the Allen Theatre was closed; it remained vacant for nearly 30 years.
With arrival of new artistic director David Czesany in 2010 the Divadlo Na zábradlí started off with a program of theme-based seasons.
It has 17 full-time staff working on site at the theatre, and employs many more casual staff.
Football teams Glebe Rangers and Ballymoney United share the stadium.
The building was sold to Stage 773 in 2010.
The current site was a famous Victorian music hall The Players' Theatre.
The Paiania training ground is a training ground and academy base, used by the Greek football club Panathinaikos FC.
Zaawia Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Zawiya, Libya.
Stadion Niedermatten is a football stadium in Wohlen, Switzerland.
The site is bounded by the Don Valley Parkway and the industrial buildings of the former Lever Brothers.
The Dugdale Centre forms the Enfield site of Millfield Arts Centre which also includes Millfield Theatre and Millfield House in Edmonton.
The women's team plays in the Southeastern Conference, while the men's team plays in Conference USA.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of CA Oradea and Luceafărul Oradea.
Municipal Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Bacău.
The most recent former tenant was the Marion Mayhem, which folded in 2010, after 5 years of participating in the CIFL.
Races are conducted over 520m and 720m.
The theatre opened on October 30, 1954 as the successor of "Helios" cinema which was founded and financed by Croatian industrialist, Adolf Müller.
On November 12, 1996 it opened with Àngels a Amèrica by Tony Kushner, and directed by Josep Maria Flotats.
The building's architects were Robert Train and Edmund Williams.
The old Kupittaa Stadium's record attendance was approximately 15,000 spectators for the 1987 UEFA Cup match between Turun Palloseura and Italian giants Internazionale.
The swimming complex has a total area of 12,500 m².
Opened on 24 December 1904 as the London Coliseum Theatre of Varieties, it was designed by the theatrical architect Frank Matcham for the impresario Oswald Stoll.
The building opened in 1975 and was renovated in 1985.
The Oakville Centre presents up to 260 performances a year which includes local, Canadian and international artists from around the world.
Harlequin Theatre is a theatre in Northwich, Cheshire.
Stadium has a capacity of 1,630 seats and, from 2013, it is eligible for the UEFA international matches.
It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Chabab Rif Al Hoceima of the Botola.
The site is converted into a drive-in theater at sunset.
It hosts the Shanxi Zhongyu of the Chinese Basketball Association.
The theatre was rebuilt with a fine Art Deco auditorium in 1935 to a design by Roland Satchwell.
The stadium was built in 1983 for a capacity of 30,000.
Because of the delays, the Bradley teams moved to Lorene Ramsey Gymnasium at nearby Illinois Central College for the 2009–2010 season.
It also hosted the FIBA Asia Champions Cup 2006 and FIBA Asia Champions Cup 2008 championships.
The Ballpark at Jackson is a 6,000-seat minor league baseball stadium located in Jackson, Tennessee, United States.
Starting with a new roof and soffits and continuing with new shingles, trim, windows and doors.
It has a capacity of 24,286 spectators, and was built in 1983.
The theatre was rebuilt three times, and the last theatre on the site was destroyed by bombing in 1942.
It was their home for more than 40 years.
The Oakville Centre is home to several local-oriented performing arts groups:
Stadion pod Golubinjom is a multi-use stadium in Pljevlja, Montenegro.
It was located in the city of Torreón, Coahuila.
It is nicknamed the Fan due to its design resembling a traditional Chinese folding fan.
It was primarily used for basketball and volleyball until the Betty Engelstad Sioux Center opened in 2004.
It is primarily used by the NFHS football, FHS football, soccer and track teams.
By the mid-1930s, Ross Field had grown too small to accommodate football crowds, and Auburn High games were moved back to Drake Field.
By 2011 a new residence was opened on site, housing the FC Barcelona's youth players who previously boarded at La Masia.
"Joggeli", as the venue is nicknamed by the locals, was originally built with a capacity of 33,433 seats.
Estádio João de Deus Lopes da Silva is a multi-use stadium in São Nicolau, Cape Verde.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Mambas Noirs FC of the Benin Premier League.
John F. Savage Arena is a multi-purpose arena located in Toledo, Ohio, on the campus of the University of Toledo.
The Stanford Theatre is a classical independent movie theater in Palo Alto, California.
Estádio Municipal Antônio Fernandes, is a football stadium located in Guarujá, São Paulo, Brazil.
Also known as "The Pit" or "Mac Court," it was known as one of the most hostile arenas in the nation.
The name of the tournament changed again to the Indianapolis Tennis Championships in 2007 due to the loss of the RCA sponsorship.
In 2008, a big west tribune is under construction.
Despite the Indian theme of the Trump Taj Mahal, the Etess Arena is contemporary, based upon the club scene in England.
The amphitheatre is located on the grounds of the OC Fair & Event Center.
Heidewaldstadion is an association football stadium in Gütersloh, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Bedwas Workmen's Hall was built in 1923 the Bedwas Workmen's Hall has served the needs of the local community for over eighty years.
Chuvash State Youth Theater of Sespel Mishshi is a theater located in Cheboksary, Chuvash Republic.
It is used mostly for athletics and even some football matches and serves as the home stadium of FC Fyn.
This allows for the feeling of both being inside and outdoors at the same time.
Bargemusic, formally known as Bargemusic, Ltd. is a classical music venue and cultural icon in Brooklyn.
It is used for football matches and serves as the home of AC Léopard of the Congo Premier League.
It originally opened in 1956 and was renovated circa 2010, now seating approximately 1,250 for concerts and other stage events.
The Hub is a multi-purpose venue based in Verwood, Dorset.
The capacity of the arena is 5,600 people.
The Envision Athletic Centre is a 21,500-square-foot multi-purpose athletics facility on the campus of the University of the Fraser Valley in Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada.
Insipired by the Freie Deutsche Volksbühne in Berlin led to forming of interest organizations in Bergen and Oslo in 1928 and 1929.
Russell C. King Field is a baseball venue located in Spartanburg, South Carolina, USA.
In February 2009, the Imperial 8 closed completely for several months.
The stadium has been undergoing an extensive redevelopment process, begun in November 2006, which produced a modern all-seater venue by April 2008.
Flacăra Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Năvodari.
In early 2017 the Theatre Royal will produce an adaptation of Jane Austen's Northanger Abbey, which will tour nationally.
It is part of a sports, entertainment and convention complex that also includes the Albany Civic Center and Albany Municipal Auditorium.
In 1980 it was renamed to honour its architect, Austrian football player Gerhard Hanappi.
It is the home base of PSBK Blitar .
It was built in 2006 and has a capacity of +6,000 people.
The site is now an industrial and office park.
Aldwych was also home to the later Strand Theatre
The hall is owned by the municipality, and has a seated capacity for 1,000 people.
In 2007 the main ground was renamed Whitestone Contracting Stadium, after naming rights were granted to Whitestone Contracting Limited.
The plaza includes a 500-seat theater, gardens, classrooms, and meeting spaces.
The rink is also home to Central Coast Figure Skating Club and the Central Coast Ice Speed Skating Club.
Aldo Drosina Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Pula, Croatia.
The NYCB Theater at Westbury is an entertainment venue located in the hamlet of Jericho, New York.
The Development Area Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Changchun, Jilin province, China.
Wollongong Showground, known as WIN Stadium for sponsorship reasons, is a multi-purpose stadium located in Wollongong, Australia.
Carrow Road is an association football stadium located in Norwich, Norfolk, England, and is the home of Norwich City Football Club.
The amount of exhibition space is 3,625 square metres.
Trevor Nunn and Terry Hands were joint artistic directors of the RSC when the company opened The Swan.
As musical trends on the Strip changed towards heavy metal in the 1980s, the Rainbow followed suit.
The official dedication took place on October 15, 2010.
Today, the large green space contains a botanical garden, Masjid Dar-ul-Islam, and Quaid-e-Azam Library situated in a Victorian building.
The capacity of the stadium was 19,000 spectators.
Dumfries and Galloway Council restricted the capacity of Stair Park to 4,178 in July 2013, potentially affecting a 2013–14 Scottish League One match against Rangers.
Petro Ruci Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Orikum, Albania.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of GIF Sundsvall and Sundsvalls DFF.
The Metro station Forum is adjacent to the building.
Puppet Theatre Mostar's founder, first director and theatre manager was Dorde Doka Bovan.
It is the oldest surviving soccer specific stadium in North America.
As of the start of the 2013–14 Bundesliga season, FC Bayern Munich also play their home matches at the ground.
[1] A unique feature of the auditorium was that it was split into two; the front of the building was the Kiel Opera House.
1 could be built on the site.
The stadium and land around it are owned by the City of Allentown and currently leased to the ECTB as of 2005.
New Sukth Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Sukth, Durrës, Albania.
Centrally located in Denver, the center has become one of Denver's many landmarks.
It is the home ground of Central Division Two side Wishaw Juniors.
The theater suffered fire damage in 1942.
The stadium was named for the famous general Napoleon Bonaparte.
Construction of the facility began in 1995 and cost $15 million.
ANZ now holds the naming rights for Sydney's Stadium Australia.
The theatre is a small movie house with one screen.
It has a capacity of 7,600 people.
General Santander Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Cúcuta, Colombia.
It is the largest stadium in Sierra Leone and has a 45,000 capacity.
The Sarajevo Ballet was also founded in 1946, but its first independent performance, The Harvest by B. Papandopulo, was postponed until May 25, 1950.
The stadium has a capacity of 37,000 people.
Jenny Craig Pavilion is a 5,100 seat, multi-purpose arena, built in 2000 in San Diego, California, on the campus of the University of San Diego.
The arena opened in 2000 and is home for the Maccabi Ashdod and Maccabi Bnot Ashdod basketball clubs.
Riverbank Arts Centre Café offers lunch and afternoon tea daily, from 9.00am.
Haslam instituted the custom of "theme nights"; Sunday being 80's retro night and Thursdays being retro 90's night.
The stadium was built in 1965, and has two all-seater stands on either side of the pitch with a seated capacity of 6,768.
The arena is located inside the Williams Brice Physical Education Center.
The name hippodrome was derived from animal acts forming a significant part of the entertainment.
The site at 45 Mary Street was later demolished and is occupied today by a department store.
Designed by award-winning architect Benjamin C. Thompson, the Broward Center is considered the cultural heart of Broward County.
It was the home base of Opera Boston.
The stadium is named for Harry W. Hughes, the head coach for 31 seasons at what was then known as Colorado Agricultural.
It was completely restored and still continues to be maintained by the United Church.
Opened in 1929, the theater operated until 1963 when it was closed and demolished.
Built in 1887, it became a cinema in 1910 before being demolished in 1923.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
It is used mostly for football matches and athletics.
The Republic of Ireland beat Germany 4-3 on penalties and won the trophy.
Evergreen Cultural Centre is located in Coquitlam's Town Centre Park, overlooking Lafarge Lake.
Special Olympics competitions for the Madison County, Alabama, area are held each year at the stadium.
Rock Supergroup Queen performed here on August 5 1986 during their Magic Tour.
It hosted the opening and closing ceremonies for the 2013 Mediterranean Games.
Toad's Place is a concert venue and nightclub located in New Haven, Connecticut.
Pennington Field is still well known in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex as one of the most advanced and high-quality high school sports stadiums in the area.
It is located on Airlie Gardens in the east of the town and has a capacity of 2,600 with 420 seated.
Since 2004 the stadium is going through a remodelling converting it to a pure football stadium.
Penneys bought the building along with adjacent shops and built a department store on the demolished site.
The stadium has not had a main tenant since the Expos left in 2004.
It is one of the theaters that make up Playhouse Square.
Some notable performers to have shows at Echoplex include The Mars Volta, Beck, NIN, The Rolling Stones and Thom Yorke.
The original Chinese Theatre was commissioned following the success of the nearby Grauman's Egyptian Theatre, which opened in 1922.
Gibbon's Tennis Court became used as a theatre on this site in the 17th century.
Cambridge Junction is a live music and arts venue in Cambridge, England.
The first floor of the club also contains a no-cover bar/lounge called the "Red Room", and the "Food For Thought" cafe.
From August 2015, the stadium is a temporary home ground for HNK Rijeka during construction of the new Stadion Kantrida.
During the 1950s and 1960s mass executions were carried out in the stadium.
Elvis Presley performed one of his final concerts here on June 22, 1977.
Every year, the IFI rewards its audiences by hosting an Open Day, with free cinema screenings and tours.
The field opened in 2008 and is named for former South Dakota State baseball coach Erv Huether.
and was known to attract a number of international guest DJs.
Amharclann Ghaoth Dobhair, anglicized as Gweedore Theatre, is a local theatre in the Gaeltacht region of Derrybeg in the parish of Gweedore, County Donegal, Ireland.
The campaign to save The Witchwood was led by Tom Hingley and supported by musicians such as Bert Jansch, The Fall, and The Chameleons.
Inside the cage, the play never stops, with the ball always in motion in order to enhance the speed of execution.
The club has hosted many notable bands since its opening in 1989, at that time it was known as Velvet Perestrojka.
Wentworth Park is located 2 kilometres from the Sydney central business district.
The team finished 19-61 and averaged about 200 fans per game.
Tuanku Abdul Rahman Stadium also known as the STAR of Paroi is a multi-purpose stadium in Paroi, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia.
The design is a variation of Robert Atkinson's for the 1921 Regent cinema in Brighton, England, which was demolished in 1974.
The venue has been operating in Brisbane for over 30 years.
It is the home ground of FC Sochaux-Montbéliard.
Imperial Fields is a football stadium in Mitcham, south London that is home to Tooting & Mitcham United F.C.
Zaqatala "Simurq" is a multi-use stadium in Zaqatala, Azerbaijan.
The stadium opened its doors on January 17, 2007.
Not to be confused with The Meadow, home of Southern Football League Premier Division football team Chesham United
Beauty and the Beast was directed by Ron Ulrich and starred Julie Martell as Belle and George Masswohl as the Beast.
It also hosted the UEFA Euro 1972 semifinal Hungary against Soviet Union, as well as several games of the Belgium national football team.
The Geneva Griffin Center at the Children's Home of Lubbock is named in honor of Mrs. Griffin.
The stairs were rebuilt, a new Foyer Bar added and a balcony added to the auditorium.
Stadion Suche Stawy, Polish pronunciation: [ˈstadʲɔn ˈsuxɛ ˈstavɨ]; is a multi-purpose stadium in Kraków, Poland.
The area was again marked for development in late 2010 with plans being made by an Edinburgh based company to develop the site for a supermarket.
It is a roots rock Americana music bar founded in Manhattan's Lower East Side, at 159 East Houston Street between Allen and Eldridge Streets.
It is situated in an area where the club had built its training facilities.
In June 2004, a $18.5 million renovation took place, in conjunction with the construction of the neighboring Phoenix Convention Center West Building.
Canberra International Sports and Aquatic Centre is located in Bruce and is a privately owned sport centre.
The 76 Club was a nightclub in Burton upon Trent, Staffordshire, England.
The Royal Opera House is an opera house and major performing arts venue in Covent Garden, central London.
A landmark of rococo 1920s theater design, it opened in 1926 and was demolished in 1996.
Ellough Park Raceway is a kart racing track in Ellough in the English county of Suffolk.
The stadium was opened in 1905, and has a current capacity of 24,442.
The Lamar Dixon Expo Center is a multi-purpose event center in Gonzales, Louisiana built in 1999.
Whataburger Field is used instead of Chapman Field for some baseball early season tournaments and also some big matchups.
A theatre or circus has stood on this site on Lower Abbey Street since at least the early 19th century.
The complex also includes the Canada Games Aquatic Centre.
Hristo Borisov Hall is an arena in Varna, Bulgaria.
The Beatles twice played at the Globe, the first time being Friday 22 November 1963, the day U.S. President John F. Kennedy was assassinated.
Architects of the first half of the nineteenth century learned as apprentices on the construction site, but Potter learned his art in college.
The center was then called Smirnoff Music Centre.
A small clubhouse and changing facilities are available.
Cotroceni Stadium is a football stadium in Bucharest, Romania.
It was billed as “The Showplace of the Carolinas” when it opened on Halloween night, 1927.
The Muny seasons run every year from mid-June to mid-August.
It was built of concrete, stone, and brick on a 13.5-acre tract.
The Mississippi Coliseum is a 6,500-seat multipurpose arena in Jackson, Mississippi, built in 1962 and located on the Mississippi State Fairgrounds complex.
It played mostly melodrama over the ensuing decades.
No Peruvian League was actually played in 1936 as the national team was preparing itself to compete in the 1936 Summer Olympics in Germany.
In 2009, the former theater was renovated and combined with the neighboring former Royal Bank of Canada building.
It operates as an independent repertory cinema.
Before 1990 was it called "Flinger Broich" or "Fortunaplatz".
Pohitullin palloiluhalli is an indoor basketball sporting arena that is located in Uusikaupunki.
The theatre seats 380 on its two levels.
Built during the onset of the Great Depression.
Due to logistic issues, its capacity is capped at 25,000 people as of 2017.
Stari plac, also often referred to as Plinara Stadion, is a multi-use stadium in Split, Croatia, which used to be primarily used for football.
It is the home stadium of Aluminium Arak and Shahrdari Arak.
It was built in 1939 and owned by Miss Ray Levinsky.
The facility additionally includes classrooms, offices, and the Browning Athletic Training and Education Center.
It is operated by the School of Arts and Culture.
It was used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of U Cluj.
Also it was home ground for Lokomotiv Tashkent.
The latter, incidentally, the same owners as the Conventum Arena; namely Kongrexum AB, and Conventum.
The Royal Tennis Court, Hampton Court Palace is a real tennis court.
The Estadio Municipal Campeones del 36 is a multi-use stadium in Sullana, Peru.
Kingswood Music Theatre is a 15,000-seat amphitheatre located at Canada's Wonderland in Vaughan, Ontario.
The University of Michigan-Dearborn Fieldhouse is a multi-purpose arena/athletic facility located in Dearborn, Michigan on the campus of University of Michigan-Dearborn.
It was opened in time for the hockey team's elevation to Division I status.
In popular culture, Phoenix Symphony Hall appears in the Clint Eastwood film The Gauntlet, where it is used as the exterior of "Phoenix City Hall."
The Palace Theatre is a West End theatre in the City of Westminster in London.
It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball.
Some well-known bands played concerts at Rafters in the 1970s and 1980s.
Outside there is a large garden, where a permanent art exhibition of Argentine sculptor Alejandro Marmo is set up since 2005.
The current president and chief executive is Dennis M. Reagan.
Since its reopening, the venue rarely uses the "lawn" area, effectively reducing seating capacity from approximately 18,765 to 8,500.
The stadium is opened for 18th National Sports Festival of Japan in 1963, and renovated for 66th National Sports Festival of Japan in 2011.
football clubs and Havering Mayesbrook Athletics Club.
The tournaments were participated by hundreds of karatekas all over the country.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
Harras El Hodoud Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Alexandria, Egypt.
The capacity of the stadium was 15,000 spectators.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Association Sportive des Commerçants Mounana of the Gabon Championnat National D1.
One highlight was the 2005 CONCACAF Champion's cup home game, which was televised to the world from the Harbour View Stadium on Fox Soccer Channel.
Radio City Music Hall is an entertainment venue located in Rockefeller Center in New York City.
The Alytus Arena is a universal indoor arena in Alytus, Lithuania.
The Jefferson Performing Arts Center is a 1,050-seat theater located in LaSalle Park in Metairie, Louisiana.
However, some improvements have already been made.
The United Arts Council refurbished the Theatre before reopening it as a community arts performing arts center in 1978.
Renovated and downsized, City Stadium remains the home of East High.
The rods comprising the facade are extruded anodized aluminum.
Théâtre Fairmount is a music venue in Montreal, Quebec, Canada located at 5240 Park Avenue in the Mile End district.
The Swan Theatre has recently been refurbished as part of the Royal Shakespeare Company's £112.8 million transformation project.
It bears a striking resemblance to the Hollywood Bowl.
Opened in October 2012 it was inaugurated on 9 November 2012.
In 1935, the theater was redecorated in an Art Deco style and transformed into a supper club called the Mayfair Casino.
The park includes landscaping, new restrooms, pathways and new sidewalks, ornamental fencing and gates around the perimeter.
The Capitol Theatre has had a long history, with tenures as a movie theater and catering hall, in addition to hosting concerts.
Early programs featured live performances, the Carolina Theatre Orchestra, the Carolina News newsreel, audience sing-alongs and silent films accompanied on the Robert Morton theatre organ.
With a Grandstand of 1,500 seats, it is used daily by the local athletics club, the OSM Lomme Athletics.
Toffler is a nightclub situated in an old underpass in the central business district of Rotterdam, Netherlands, which opened in 2011.
It was home to the Oklahoma Storm USBL basketball team, and also serves as a site for various conventions.
In 2014, the venue was acquired by AEG Live.
President Harry Truman gave a speech there in which both sides were opened to see his speech.
It is currently used for football matches and is the home ground of OFC Sliven 2000.
Berceni Stadium is a football stadium in Berceni, Romania.
The main grandstand is covered and constructed of concrete and brick.
The capacity of the venue is 16,000 people.
She has promoted bouts since featuring established fighters such as Eddie Chambers, Yusef Mack, and Lajuan Simon.
It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball and is home to the Shenzhen Leopards who play in the Chinese Basketball Association.
Its construction started in 1996 and it was completed in 1997.
Many local and international theatre groups have used the Forum for their productions, plays and pantomimes.
The CMC also engages in a number of national outreach projects, is digitizing all its scores and works, conducts research, and administers several awards.
It is the home ground of OFK Mladenovac.
After a 4 year lease renewal was awarded by City Council to new ECTB owner Dylan Dando in 2016, the matter was resolved in 2017.
Designed as a 21st-century reinterpretation of the traditional opera house, the Winspear seats 2,200 in a traditional horseshoe configuration.
Nightwood Theatre is Canada's oldest professional women’s theatre company.
It also served as the home stadium for the Guangdong football team in the 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015 Guangdong–Hong Kong Cup.
In addition, the stadium is a stadium Lumajang community pride.
The "bowl" refers to the shape of the concave hillside the amphitheater is carved into.
The Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion is a 7,000 seat outdoor music venue located in Rogers, Arkansas, opposite the Pinnacle Hills Promenade shopping center.
They serve some food; more on certain nights of the week.
In March 2010 Adam Spreadbury-Maher became Artistic Director and the theatre became home to now resident company OperaUpClose.
The Alhambra was a popular theatre and music hall located on the east side of Leicester Square, in the West End of London.
In 2017, Metro Arts currently operates as a multidisciplinary arts organisation from the building.
The stadium holds 40,000 spectators and opened in 1991.
In 2010, Pollstar ranked the Casino Ballroom #23 in the Top 100 Worldwide Club Venues.
It was formerly the home for Drake Bulldogs men's basketball until they moved to Veterans Memorial Auditorium.
Tom Kimbrough Stadium is a high school football stadium in Murphy, Texas, USA.
It was the home of Shawfield F.C.
The Harry Lumley Bayshore Community Centre contains the J.D.
The building has 8 screens, though currently movies are only shown on 5.
It was the former and first home stadium of FC Basel.
In 2012, the Bradley University Men's Basketball team played its first regular season home game on campus since 1982.
The capacity of the arena is 4,500 and it was built in 1967.
The capacity of the stadium was 14,895 spectators.
Estadio 25 de Noviembre is a multi-purpose stadium in Moquegua, Peru.
It opened in 2009 and holds up to 10,000 people at music events and 4,000 spectators for bandy.
Along with adjacent Joe Louis Arena, the center is served by the Detroit People Mover with its own station.
The bar often has music nights featuring Monmouth University's radio station, WMCX.
He starred in many of the ALT's productions, including Teahouse of the August Moon and His and Hers.
It is located on Parnell Street, Dublin and is owned by the Cineworld cinema chain.
The New York Times review described the theater as "derelict".
Local artist and musician David Hannon Pierce created the first iteration of the club's famous logo, as well as all the updated variations still in use.
It was built in 1989 and serves as home stadium for NK Imotski football club.
Lasesarre is a stadium in Barakaldo, Spain.
The Globe has hosted other stars, such as Cliff Richard, the Shadows and Lonnie Donegan, who made their acting debuts here in pantomime.
The construction of the training centre started on 27 September 2002 by the efforts of the club president Antonio Blasco.
The stadium has a capacity of 20,000 spectators.
The playing field is at ground level while each set of stands is built into an artificial earthen embankment.
Estadio Hernando Siles is a sports stadium in La Paz, Bolivia.
Pairc nan Laoch is a shinty stadium in Portree, Isle of Skye, Scotland.
The Capitol Theater is an Art deco theater in Manila, Philippines.
It is a part of the Surabaya Sports Center.
Estadio de Vallehermoso is a multi-use stadium in Madrid, Spain.
The theater, which is largely underground due to Grant Park-related height restrictions, was named for its primary benefactors, Joan and Irving Harris.
It contains a symphonic hall with 803 seats and a chamber music hall with a capacity of 245.
Not to be confused with a different Central Music Hall in Chicago
Sam Bonds Garage is a music venue and pub in the Whiteaker neighborhood of Eugene, Oregon, United States.
A professional hockey team, the Norfolk IceCats, once played out of Talbot Gardens before the North Eastern Hockey League became defunct.
It was built and opened during 1968.
The theatre opened in August 2004, it seats approximately 800 people and is the largest facility of its kind in Newaygo County.
Feethams was a football and cricket ground in Darlington, England.
It continues to operate as the city's longest running pornographic cinema and remains owned by a member of the Maizels family.
Public houses named the Red Lyon and streets named Red Lion made investigations into certain locations complicated and confusing.
Such wallcasts are planned to occur at least twice a month.
It also serves as the practice space for the football and women's volleyball teams.
The Carrow Road site includes catering facilities and a Holiday Inn hotel offering rooms with views of the pitch.
Stade Omar Oucief is a multi-purpose stadium in Aïn Témouchent, Algeria.
The concert hall is a part of Crocus City complex.
It was replaced by Estadio Morelos when Monarcas Morelia moved there in 1989.
The facility is named after Anatole Vologe, commonly called Tola Vologe, who was a Lyon sportsmen and was murdered by the Gestapo during World War II.
Blues, alternative rock, reggae, soul, and/or R & B can be heard live 7 nights a week.
The theatre underwent complete refurbishment in 1985.
St Julian's Road is a former football stadium in Omagh, Northern Ireland.
Hillsboro Stadium is also used for baseball, softball, soccer, and lacrosse and has hosted college and professional teams.
It is located between the 7th Wing of Bancroft Hall and Santee Basin.
From 2001 to 2003, the arena was the site of the West Coast Conference men's basketball tournament, and hosted the tournament again in 2008.
Classical concerts have included Itzhak Perlman and major European orchestras.
The arena is also used for figure skating, rink bandy and curling.
The arena also had been used by Chicago Steel from 2000-2015.
In 1997, the Carol & Park B. Smith Wellness Center was opened as an addition to the building, and houses strength and conditioning facilities.
In 1975 the venue was the host of the year end Masters tennis tournament.
It is currently used mostly for football matches, and is the home of FC Veres Rivne.
It is a state owned facility and offers the largest seating capacity inside the Charlotte–Atlanta–Knoxville triangle.
Sohar Regional Sports Complex is a multi-use stadium in Sohar, Oman.
The Baths Hall is an entertainment venue in Scunthorpe, North Lincolnshire, England.
Because of the stadium's proximity to Kjeller Airport, it has retractable floodlights.
Three years later, the British Virgin Islands cricket team first played there against Anguilla in the 1991 Leeward Islands Tournament.
The Davis Conference Center is a 70,000-square-foot convention center located in Layton, Utah, United States.
It is mainly used for association football and is the home ground for Adelaide Blue Eagles.
In May 2008, the club secured £800,000 worth of funding for improvements to the ground.
The bar allowed visitors to play current generation gaming consoles free of charge while enjoying video game themed drinks.
The Loretto is a multipurpose venue in the Westport neighborhood of Kansas City, Missouri.
Chisenhale Gallery and Chisenhale Art Place are situated in the same former factory.
UWA Sports Park is a multi-purpose sporting and recreation reserve in Mount Claremont, Western Australia.
The stadium has a maximum capacity of 4,000 people, and was built in 1929.
The theatre also operates Shchepkin Theatre School, Moscow's oldest drama school, established in 1809 as the Imperial Theatre School.
The theatre was founded in 1835 by Miloš Obrenović, Prince of Serbia.
PalaNesima is an indoor sporting arena located in Catania, Italy.
The park features a bandstand, all weather tennis & netball courts, skatepark, football pitch and a football stadium.
The Nagoya Congress Center is a multi-purpose convention center, in the city of Nagoya, Aichi Prefecture, Japan.
The theatre retains many of its original features and the theatre was Grade II listed by English Heritage in September 1960.
The Palace Theatre in Mansfield, England first opened in 1910 as a cinema.
The original 500-seat art deco style theater was designed by Arthur W. Hawes.
Kingston Stadium in Cedar Rapids has a capacity of 15,000.
On May 22, 2007, the board of FC Zwolle asked the supporters to come up with suggestions for the names of the new stands.
This performance marked the beginning of its professional development within the national Theatre.
It was again ranked by Consequence of Sound at number 29 of all music venues in the nation out of 100 in 2016.
It cost around £42 million to build and currently hosts over 250 performances a year.
Byron Gallery also held group and solo shows featuring artists they represented and outsiders.
It was completed in 1963 and opened with a performance by the Deutsche Oper Berlin.
The stadium was renovated in 2002 and FieldTurf was installed to replace the original natural grass surface.
that is used for various sports including rugby union, rugby league, soccer, greyhound racing, and speedway.
Alpine Valley Music Theatre is a 37,000-capacity amphitheater located on County Highway D in East Troy, Wisconsin.
State Netball Hockey Centre is a multipurpose sporting facility located in Melbourne, Australia.
Samskolan uses the venue regularly every year at Christmas for their annual "Folkdans".
There are four athletics running lanes, and facilities for pole vaulting, high jumping, hammer throwing, shot putting and long jumping.
It was open from March 8, 1968 to June 27, 1971 and featured some of the biggest acts in rock music at the time.
Since 2008, Whoop Dee Doo has gained stability with a consistent staff and hosts of the show, Jaimie Warren and Matt Roche.
It is adjacent to the Richmond Raceway.
It combines live theatre and art exhibition, with two exhibition galleries and a theatre with over 600 seats.
The facility is home to the Orlando City U-23 team.
It stages an average of eight productions each year.
Blue Note Jazz Club is a jazz club and restaurant located at 131 West 3rd Street in Greenwich Village, New York City.
It was one of the leading theatres in the UK chain of theatres owned and developed by Moss Empires under the chairmanship of Sir Edward Moss.
La Albericia Facilities, commonly known as La Albericia, is the training ground and academy base of the Spanish football club Racing de Santander.
It was founded in 1887 as "Sinđelić" Theatre, and reorganized in 1906 as National Theatre, following the completion of new theatre building.
In 1946 an old market building, designed by Hans Price, a local architect, was converted into a 500-seat theatre.
Live music can be presented on all four stages at once.
The arena is the home of the Vegas Golden Knights of the National Hockey League that will begin play in 2017.
Howard J. Lamade Stadium is a baseball stadium in South Williamsport, Pennsylvania.
Gani Muratbayev Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Kyzylorda, Kazakhstan.
U2 finished their Popmart Tour at the stadium on March 21, 1998.
The 606 Club is a jazz club in Chelsea, London.
McCarthy Field is a baseball stadium in West Warwick, Rhode Island.
Yamashiro Park Taiyogaoka Stadium is an athletic stadium in Uji, Kyoto, Japan.
The stadium holds 4,250 people, with 530 seats.
Memorial Drive took its name from the winding avenue, known as War Memorial Drive, which separates the venue from the River Torrens.
The London Fog was a 1960s nightclub located on the Sunset Strip in what was then unincorporated Los Angeles County, California.
Since 2005. the stadium is named Georgios Kamaras, in honour of Georgios Kamaras, old glorious player of Apollon.
It is mainly used by the senior squad and the youth teams.
The band soon became Quality Quintet and then Quality Serenades, and was disbanded after a tour with Hazel Myers later in the same year.
The Sooners' bench was once located on the east side with the students, but the home bench was moved to the west side in the mid-1990s.
The new arena features luxury boxes for events and the Rapid City Rush home games.
In 2008, with the help of the mayor Tsonko Tsonev, the stadium underwent a total renovation.
The main auditorium is a Grade I listed building.
The Wilding Park Complex is named after Frederick Wilding, whose son, Tony Wilding, is still the only New Zealander to win a Wimbledon singles title.
In 1997 a new 150 seat theatre, known as the Ustinov Studio, was opened.
The Gerhard-Hanappi-Stadion was a football stadium in Hütteldorf, in the west of Vienna, Austria.
The construction cost was  9 million.
From 2003-2008, the stadium was home to the Rhode Island Stingrays soccer team.
SPAC also serves as the common venue for high school graduations, particularly for Burnt Hills - Ballston Lake, Saratoga Springs, Shenendehowa, and Ballston Spa High Schools.
The old drainage system of the grass pitches will be replaced by a new one that will provide better results.
Brisbane Festival Hall was an indoor arena located on the southern corner of Albert Street and Charlotte Street, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
Built in 1930 as Loew's 175th Street Theatre, the venue was originally a movie palace designed by architect Thomas W. Lamb.
Glenn Field was built in 1987 and has a capacity of 500 spectators.
From 1959 to 2008 the building was shared with the Norwegian National Opera.
The playhouse is stated to have been constructed within the court or yard lying on the south side of the garden belonging to the house.
It was previously named the FirstMerit Bank Pavilion, and before that the Charter One Pavilion.
The arena was funded by donations from the community, particularly from local mining company Teck Resources, and was built by tradesmen that volunteered their time.
The facility, built in 1985, serves as the home of the LSU Tigers and LSU Lady Tigers swimming and diving teams.
NYCB stands for New York Community Bank, who purchased the naming rights in 2010.
The Pods is a leisure centre in Scunthorpe.
Uhuru stadium is stadium in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
The Virginia Theatre is a live performance and movie theatre in downtown Champaign, Illinois.
Iceworld Boondall is an ice sports and public ice skating centre, located approximately 20 km north of Brisbane, Queensland.
Up to forty spectators fell down on the field, a few suffered minor injuries and one spectator was taken to hospital.
December 31, 2016 was Cakeshop's final night in operation.
Sports Backers Stadium is used throughout the year by various parties including the soccer and college athletics teams from Virginia Commonwealth University, and Virginia Union University.
but after it dissloved Atletico San Luis is the current team that play in Alfonso Lastras.
Added to the main hall was a balcony with private boxes.
During the 1966/1967 season, Wiener EV played its first home games inside.
It is the home stadium of Futsal Super League team Mahan Tandis Qom.
PNC Music Pavilion is an outdoor amphitheater in Charlotte, North Carolina, that specializes in hosting large concerts.
Currently, the arena is used by the basketball, volleyball and futsal departments of APOEL Nicosia.
It was built in 1985 as part of the Major Donald W. Holleder Center, which also houses Tate Rink.
A regular week will consist of two shows Sunday through Thursday, three shows on Friday, and four shows on Saturday.
Business events and seminars have become increasingly popular in recent times, in addition to a variety of non-profit fundraising events.
It is part of the Masonic Temple Building at Fifth and Sycamore streets.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
On 10 July 2009, the owner of the Tivoli Theatre decided to sell the property to Mr Brian Hendry.
It was founded after the demise of Baltimore Lyric Opera.
The arena contains 53000 square feet of space.
Its a venue to stage both Broadway musicals and home grown productions.
Stadio Rubens Fadini is a multi-use stadium in Giulianova, Abruzzo, Italy.
Strawberry Stadium is a 7,408-seat football stadium in Hammond, Louisiana.
The Evergreen Cultural Centre is a theatre and music venue in Coquitlam, British Columbia, opened in October 1996 by former Coquitlam Mayor Lou Sekora.
Avanhard Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Uzhhorod, Ukraine.
The term "Batcave" is also still used by Europeans to refer to gothic music with a prominent post-punk sound and spooky atmospheres.
It seats up to 1,000 people and has stadium lights, enabling the Tribe to host night games.
Shagadam Stadium is a stadium in Turkmenbashi, Turkmenistan.
It was originally called the Vienna Court Opera.
The theater inside the arts center is named after former Louisiana State Senator Ken Hollis, who helped secure funding for the theater.
Today, it is home to one of Germany's most famous ensembles and stages around 9 new plays per season.
Later, with new partner Steve Allen, Scales migrated the club to a larger space on West Clayton Street.
The Dayton Philharmonic, the Dayton Opera, and the Dayton Ballet rent the building for their performances.
A ten-pin bowling centre in the area upstairs which was added in the 1960s was closed in 2007.
It is the home of the Rosario Central football team.
There were no significant further changes until 1981, when Stair Park became the last ground in league football in either England or Scotland to install floodlights.
It was previously named "Luis Muñoz Marín Amphitheatre"
It closed on December 15, 2007, and reopened on March 18, 2009.
Albert Park Basketball Stadium was an Australian basketball centre in Albert Park, Victoria.
It is the home venue of the RK Arena handball team.
Her son Zack Palmer took over the reins in late November.
The only remnant of the juice bar is the banana in Tipitina's logo.
The arena is designated as Norway's national venue for freestyle skiing.
Salyan Olympic Sport Complex Stadium is located in Salyan, Azerbaijan.
It is used by Løv-Ham who play in the Norwegian First Division and Fyllingen Fotball in the Second Division.
The arena for indoors events has a capacity of 3,464 seats.
The stadium is named after Milton de Souza Corrêa, who was a former president of the Amapá State Football Federation.
Seijin shiki will be held every January by Hiroshima City.
The capacity of the arena is 8,000 spectators.
In addition, two new theater spaces were built as a result of the collaboration.
Today, the Carolina Theatre is owned and operated by Carolina Theatre of Greensboro, Incorporated – a 501(c)3 nonprofit corporation.
The facility, owned by the South Florida Fairgrounds, is a modern amphitheatre used primarily for concerts and other performances.
While originally a country music venue, by the 1980s the Matador featured a wider variety of music including rock 'n' roll, blues, and rockabilly.
The 1,500 seat stadium was built in 1997 and upgraded in 2001 and 2005.
Trabrennbahn Bahrenfeld, located in the Bahrenfeld quarter of Hamburg, Germany, is used for harness racing.
The Masquerade is a mid-sized concert venue located in Atlanta, Georgia, United States.
The founding owner of the club, Pam Robinson died last fall at the age of 55 after a cancer fight.
Major renovations to both fields were made in 2011 and 2012.
It hosts the Bayi Rockets of the Chinese Basketball Association.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Peterborough United.
This stadium is home to the WNBL's Dandenong Rangers.
It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and hosts the home matches of Al-Hilal.
Ross Field was an American football and baseball field located in Auburn, Alabama, United States from 1921 until 1998.
University Field was a 10,000-seat multi-purpose stadium in Albany, New York.
The Gramercy Theatre is a music venue in New York City.
The stadium holds 17,000 people and was built in 1985.
The stadium has a capacity of 5,000 people and opened in 1985.
The stadium court has a capacity of 5,000 people, second court has a capacity of 500 people.
Englert Theatre in Iowa City, Iowa, is a renovated vaudeville-era playhouse now serving as a community arts center and 725-seat performance venue.
It consists of a 400-meter speed skating rink, an ice hockey rink, six curling rinks, and a "penguin rink" for newbeginners.
It hosted Shizz Second Saturdays, a music event put on by the website of the same name.
The resident Tees Music Alliance features local artists heavily in its programme - promoting the creative engagement of local people.
In February 2016 the arena was re-named back to Scaniarinken as the 10-year title deal with AXA expired.
The Tarragon Theatre is a theatre in Toronto, Canada, and one of the main centers for contemporary playwriting in the country.
The attendance record is 3,200 people who attended a match between Tromsdalen and Bodø/Glimt in 1992.
The arena is open seven days a week for public ice skating sessions.
The Concert Hall houses the recently restored E.M. Skinner Pipe Organ, offering local and national organists an opportunity to play on a spectacular, historically accurate instrument.
The Sheridan Square Playhouse was an Off-Broadway theatre in New York City that was active from 1958 through the early 1990s.
Since 2008 the area serves as a sports park.
It was built in 1927 and opened on March 7, 1928 with a win against archrival Cincinnati.
It has now been renamed the Epstein Theatre, in honour of Brian Epstein, the manager of The Beatles.
Completed in 2009 the stadium has a capacity of 45,000 people.
The amphitheater's maximum capacity is 3,200 people.
The stadium was built in the mid-1980s for the purposes of the 1987 Summer Universiade.
As of 2010, it is operated by Music & Event Management Inc., a subsidiary of Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra.
Former Major League pitcher Tom Candiotti threw out the honorary first pitch.
Emil Alexandrescu Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Copou, Iaşi, Romania.
The capacity of the venue is 22,000 people.
Hall had also directed an 'in the raw' production of As You Like It within the shell of the uncompleted building in December 2004.
Like the old facility, it is named for former Saint Mary's baseball player and coach Louis Guisto.
The structure was initially built in 1949 and substantially renovated in 1999.
Has also hosted exhibition games featuring Team Canada, NHL old-timers and the American Hockey League.
The Power are a Class-A affiliate of the Pittsburgh Pirates.
It is located in San Juan, Puerto Rico adjacent to the Roberto Clemente Coliseum and the Hiram Bithorn Stadium.
Otoka Stadium is a football stadium in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Residents come from many different backgrounds and countries.
The Centre is named after Judith Wright, who was a celebrated Queensland poet and an advocate for Indigenous rights and an environmental activist.
Roxy NYC was a popular nightclub located at 515 West 18th Street in New York City.
Designed by the architect Roderick Ham, construction was completed in 1979 and the theatre was opened on 31 October 1979 by HRH Princess Alexandra.
The Music Center's other halls include the Mark Taper Forum, Ahmanson Theatre, and Walt Disney Concert Hall.
The Shahid Pour Sharifi Arena is an indoor sports arena in Tabriz, Iran.
It is named in honour of Maurice Richard.
Zafar Ali Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Sahiwal, Punjab, Pakistan.
The stadium is named after the former Politehnica Iaşi player and Iaşi Mayor, Emil Alexandrescu, who died in 1991.
The stadium holds 3,500 people and was opened on 29 September 1962.
The Muhoroni Stadium previously called Biafra Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Muhoroni, Kenya.
There is a possibility to expand it furthermore, to some 15,000 seats.
The building has four floors and is a cuboid.
In 1995, the Rhein Fire, of the World League of American Football became tenants in their inaugural season.
It was closed on 15 January 2009 and has since been demolished.
The Pavilion Theatre is a theatre in Glasgow located on Renfield Street.
It is on the second floor of the Stoughton City Hall.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and it is the home stadium of River Atlético Clube and Esporte Clube Flamengo.
The Strand Theater, also known as the Earl Smith Strand Theater, is a performing arts and film center in Marietta, Georgia, United States of America.
The stadium is located in the Hartsholme area of the city, backing onto Hartsholme Country Park.
The building has been the site of Thurgood Marshall Academy since 2004.
It is currently operated by the Grand Rapids Community Media Center, a non-profit corporation.
The reason behind the statue was due to one of Connors' most famous songs, Sudbury Saturday Night.
Silverado, formerly known as Flossie's, is a gay bar and strip club in Portland, Oregon, United States.
The field has also been used by Tromsø IL for Premier League games.
Stade Hamuta is a multi-use stadium in Papeete, Tahiti, in French Polynesia.
It hosted the 2014 IAAF Continental Cup, four games including the final in the 2014 FIFA Club World Cup, and the 2014 African Championships in Athletics.
It was designed by architect Timothy L. Pflueger and was the last grand movie palace built in the San Francisco Bay Area.
It is currently used for football matches and is home ground of Caspian Qazvin F.C.
It was designed by the English architect Edward Middleton Barry and was erected in 1866.
The Shinjuku Koma Theater was a major theatre in the Kabukichō, Shinjuku, Tokyo.
The new stand has 1,360 seats and is roofed.
The building will however remain in use until 2019, by which date a new facility is scheduled to be completed in Higashi-ku, Fukuoka.
It houses a variety of sports facilities.
The stadium is the oldest stadium in Egypt and Africa, being built in 1929.
The stadium has a capacity of 5,264 people.
Stærekassen, also known as Ny Scene is a theatre building annexed to the Royal Danish Theatre on Kongens Nytorv in Copenhagen, Denmark.
When the Frankford Legion AA reorganized as the Northeast Philadelphia AA later that year, the stadium's name was changed to Yellow Trojan Field.
In the summer of 2009, Memorial Stadium was demolished.
It has a capacity of 16,500 spectators.
The theatre is named after actress Lynn Redgrave.
The Sackler Studios, an educational and rehearsal studio complex, is situated just around the corner from the main site.
Sporthalle was an indoor arena located in Cologne, Germany.
The Broadway Theatre is particularly noted for presenting black theatre and is home to the black theatre company Blue Mountain.
In 1994, three years after the Jazz moved into the new Delta Center, the Salt Palace was demolished.
It has a sister club in Sacramento, CA and is also associated with Cobb's Comedy Club in the North Beach neighborhood of San Francisco.
Technologies typically employed to move roofs over massive stadiums were adapted by Studio Gang Architects and Minneapolis-based engineering firm Uni-Systems.
Campo de Altabix was a multi-use stadium in Elche, Spain.
It is home to Airbus UK Broughton F.C.
The Wells Fargo Pavilion is a theatre venue, located in Sacramento, California, and owned by California Musical Theatre and the Sacramento Theatre Company.
The Ericsson Globe is the largest hemispherical building on Earth and took two and a half years to build.
The arena has also hosted many concerts, and the eclipse scene from Dolores Claiborne was filmed here.
With a capacity of 13,687, it is the 9th largest football stadium in Belgium in terms of capacity.
The resident orchestra, the Düsseldorfer Symphoniker, play symphonic repertoire at the Tonhalle as well as opera at the Deutsche Oper am Rhein.
The field opened with a high school track competition held on April 15, 1911.
The arena is also home to several local high school ice hockey teams, and is used by local figure skating clubs, youth, and adult rec.
The ground became dilapidated: a boy was killed when a wall collapsed during rioting in the 1980s.
Australian Rules Football also has historical links to Birchgrove Park, with NSWFA matches played there from 1903 to 1926.
The Riverview Theater is a neighborhood movie theater in the Howe neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The Prescott Elks Theater and Performing Arts Center is a classically designed turn of the 20th century opera house seating over 500.
It was funded through a combination of private and public funds, lead by Dubuque Community Ice and Recreation Center, Inc..
The facility contains two wall mounted scoreboards, two locker rooms, a press room, a cafeteria and VIP lounge.
It is currently holds 45,000 people and used mostly for association football matches.
The location was decided due to proximity to the interstate as well as the capacity of the proposed facility to handle large crowds over multiple days.
Espace Go serves as a home for several Montreal theatre companies, including Théâtre PÀP and Théâtre I.N.K..
Today, Morris Performing Arts Center's interior features a rose, blue and cream color scheme, as it originally did when it opened.
Honsellstrasse Stadion is a former multi-use stadium in Karlsruhe, Germany.
It is still used for indoor track and field and swimming and diving.
The stadium is named after Mircea Chivu, the father of soccer player, Cristian Chivu, former captain of the Romanian national team .
The first game was a TT Pro League encounter, where Caledonia AIA scored a narrow win over Joe Public F.C..
Stadion Hoheluft is a Football stadium in Eppendorf, Hamburg, Germany .
Zagazig Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Zagazig, Egypt.
The stadium holds 3,000 people with 1,000 seats in the Clay Shaw Butler stand.
It was built in 1952 and since then the DeltaPlex sports, entertainment and convention complex has grown around the arena.
In 2013 Rolling Stone named Brooklyn Bowl the 20th best music club in America.
The Original Shaftesbury Theatre was a theatre in central London, England, between 1888 and 1941.
Thee Experience was a psychedelic nightclub in Hollywood, California, United States.
Sports Palace Tyumen is an indoor sporting arena located in Tyumen, Russia.
Harder Stadium is a 17,000 seat, outdoor multi-purpose stadium on the campus of the University of California, Santa Barbara in Santa Barbara, California.
Estadio Monumental de Condebamba is a multi-use stadium in Abancay, Peru.
Prior to the Coliseum, USM's teams played at the USM Sports Arena, a 3,200-seat arena opened in 1949.
The flag had been carried by Solon Perkins, a lieutenant in the 2nd Massachusetts Cavalry Regiment.
It has a capacity of 19,000 fans, including 1,500 standing room-only, for sports matches.
Avanhard Stadium is a football stadium located in Kramatorsk, Donetsk Oblast.
For the theater that was once in New York City see Fourteenth Street Theatre
It serves as the home ice rink of the Newcastle North Stars who compete in the major Ice Hockey Leagues.
Enka Sport Hall is an indoor multi-purpose sport venue that is located in Aliağa, İzmir Province, Turkey.
On November 4, 1977 the Grateful Dead played here as the homecoming weekend headliners.
Each February, the Mississippi Coliseum and surrounding complex host The Dixie National Rodeo, which is the largest rodeo east of the Mississippi River.
The 100 Club is a music venue located at 100 Oxford Street, London, England.
The facility is also the home of the U of I synchronized skating team.
The stadium was built in 1991, and underwent major renovations in 2014 and 2015.
The Futurist was built as a cinema in 1921.
"A kind of theater that bounces off the walls."
The building is often noted by its patrons to be charming and aesthetically pleasing due to its rustic and old-style appearance.
The Romema Arena is a multi-purpose arena in Haifa, Israel.
The complex is located close to Long Island's MacArthur Airport.
The IFI increases the range of films available to Irish audiences.
Estadio José Pérez Colmenares is a multi-purpose stadium in Maracay, Venezuela.
It is used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of FK Rudar Pljevlja.
Trafalgar Studios, formerly the Whitehall Theatre until 2004, is a West End theatre in Whitehall, near Trafalgar Square, in the City of Westminster, London.
Napoleon Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Acre, Israel.
The stadium has been altered and upgraded several times during its history, notably following a fire that destroyed the old City Stand in 1984.
It was erected in 1897 at Hanlan's Point on the Toronto Islands for the minor league Toronto Maple Leafs baseball club.
Mostly used for high school football and soccer, the stadium was built in 1977 is owned by the Plano Independent School District.
Since 1994, the facility has been owned and operated by Pacific Repertory Theatre, Monterey County's only year-round professional theatre company.
The National Theatre of Győr is a theatre in Győr, Hungary.
It has a capacity of 50,000 as an all-seater stadium.
The Verizon Wireless Amphitheater was an open-air amphitheater, located in Selma, Texas.
The most successful play of the 2008/2009 season was the comedy Skin Flick.
One of the first sports clubs to play at Granville Park was the Granville Royals Rugby Club in the late 1880s.
It has become an icon of New York's Capital District due to its unusual shape and central location.
1 Mai Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Slatina, Olt County.
MCTOS purchased the theatre and continues to own and operate the theatre while restoring the interior designs that had been obliterated during World War II.
Completed in May 2008, with an official seating capacity of 7,847, it is used mostly for team handball and basketball matches.
The building is named for Thomas M. Ryan, Class of 1975, former CEO of Rhode Island-based CVS Pharmacy and lead benefactor of the arena.
One year later, UWM and the Wisconsin Center District announced that men's basketball would be returning to U.S. Cellular Arena, now known as UW–Milwaukee Panther Arena.
The Centre d'entraînement Robert Louis-Dreyfus, commonly referred to, simply, as La Commanderie, is the training ground and Academy base of French football club, Olympique de Marseille.
On 22 March 1955 the attendance record of 22,000 was set at a DDR-Liga match between Motor Mitte and Lok Stendal.
It had been leased and run by Festival Republic since 2000.
The Rizal Memorial Sports Complex, is a national sports complex of the Philippines, located on Pablo Ocampo St., Malate, Manila.
Besa Stadium is a football stadium in Kavajë, Albania.
The bar was founded in 1964 and began catering to Portland's gay community in 1997 following the deaths of the original owners.
The Witchwood is a pub and live music venue in Ashton-under-Lyne, Greater Manchester, England.
Club Glow is the longest running dance party in Washington, DC.
ACT's Geary Theater was heavily damaged in the 1989 earthquake and was being restored.
During the Rwandan Genocide in 1994, it was temporarily a "UN Protected Site" hosting to up to 12,000 mainly Tutsis refugees.
The stadium has a capacity of 15,000.
It is currently used primarily for football matches and hosts the home matches of Primera B Nacional Argentina club, Club Social y Deportivo Merlo.
Located between Bromley town centre and Hayes, it is the home of Bromley F.C., and also used by Cray Wanderers and Crystal Palace Ladies.
In December 2015, owner Phil Ragaway announced the venue would become the Quarterworld arcade; he hopes to open the new business by March 2016.
The Tiffany Theater was the first theater located on the Sunset Strip in West Hollywood, California.
The Cominco Arena is a 2,537-seat multi-purpose arena in Trail, British Columbia.
Examples included, the fabulous Five-Past Eight and Wish for Jamie pantomimes.
Forney scored 14 straight points to win the game.
It is currently used for football matches, and is the new home of FC Metalurh Donetsk.
It was the first cinema in Karachi to be equipped with 70mm screen and projection equipment, and the first cinema in Pakistan with two balconies.
The Regent Theatre was a heritage-listed cinema and entertainment venue in Sydney, Australia, which was demolished in 1988.
Quantum Theatre is a professional theatre company that produces experimental productions in non-traditional performance spaces around the Pittsburgh area.
The stadium was built in 1941 and holds 4,200 people.
The Victoria Ground was the home ground of Stoke City from 1878 until 1997, when the club relocated to the Britannia Stadium after 119 years.
The City Football Academy, Melbourne is the training and administrative headquarters of professional football club Melbourne City FC, located in the Melbourne, Australia suburb of Bundoora.
The arena also seats 8,000 for sports events, ranging from basketball to rodeos.
Hibernians Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Paola, Malta.
It was last upgraded in 2003, when two sets of stands were fitted with a total of 3,700 seats.
The Clementi Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Clementi, Singapore.
The stadium is named for George Dilboy, who lived in Somerville and was awarded the Medal of Honor during World War I.
Beginning March 29, 2015 the stadium will play host to the Portland Timbers' USL side Portland Timbers 2.
The stadium was replaced in the late 1930s by the current Fawcett Stadium.
Campbell, who served as AISD superintendent from 1973 to 1986 and who is credited with moving the district to a cash-basis operation.
The stadium is able to hold 16,400 people and was built in 1932.
Slowdown is said to be "unlike anything in Omaha - or the Midwest" because of its comprehensive, mixed-use design.
It was built in 1978, and was then known as the Quinte Sports Centre.
Today the building houses Heartland Family Services.
It is located at the Technological Educational Institute of Crete.
There is an 8,000-square-foot lobby at the theater.
In the winter of 2011, the Futurist managed to attract over 16,000 people during eight sell-out performances of Calendar Girls produced by David Pugh.
The Philip Marcellin Grounds are a soccer venue in St. Lucia.
The stadium serves as a home to the Nigerian national football team, as well as a center for various social, cultural, and religious events.
It is the home ground of Nybergsund IL-Trysil in the First Division.
ShoWare Center, originally going to be Kent Events Center is a 6,500-seat, 154,400-square-foot multi-purpose arena in Kent, Washington, United States.
The club also featured comics, musicians, singers and other acts.
Actor Zach Galifianakis once worked as a night manager at Stand Up NY.
The center was the first privately funded ice rink in Erie when it opened on 8 December 1991.
It is the home of Ulster Rugby.
In 2006, the ice rink was criticized by local authorities after demonstrating exceedingly poor fire regulations when a blaze was discovered.
ANEFS Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Bucharest, Romania.
The stadium was built in 1951 with a capacity of 2,500 seats.
Cobo Center is the home of the North American International Auto Show, which it hosts each January, and Detroit Autorama, which it hosts each March.
Nicknamed "The Crown Jewel of the Southern League" upon its construction, the stadium was the oldest venue in the league during its final year of operation.
During its lifetime the ground was known as Coventry Road; the name "Muntz Street" is a more recent adoption.
It is home to the Oakland University Golden Grizzlies men's basketball, women's basketball and volleyball teams.
The building was designated a Grade II* listed building in 1976.
The Stables hosts over 350 concerts and around 250 education events a year including the National Youth Music Camps which take place over the summer.
Its red-brick facade dominates the west side of Cambridge Circus behind a small plaza near the intersection of Shaftesbury Avenue and Charing Cross Road.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
F&M was ranked 37 on U.S. News & World Report's 2014 list of liberal arts colleges.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Accrington Stanley.
The experiment was a failure, and the theatre returned to legitimate use.
Seating capacity for concerts and other events was adjusted by the use of large curtains which sealed off the upper rows.
It will host several matches of the 2014 FIVB Volleyball World League and the 2015 FIBA Africa Championship.
The concert hall is served by the adjacent Royal Centre tram stop on the Nottingham Express Transit.
The stadium's location is in Central Province, on the Great North Road.
It was used as the stadium of TSV Marl-Hüls association football matches.
By January 2015 almost nothing was left of the old stadium, which allowed foundation works for the new arena.
The Lucerna Music Bar is one of the venues within Lucerna Palace involved in the Prague International Jazz Festival and the AghaRTA Prague Jazz Festival.
Welzyn died in 1999 at the age of 66.
It replaced Eishalle Herti as the home of EV Zug.
The shows aim was to recapture the political edge that was fostered at the original Comedy Store.
It is currently used by football team US Monastir, and was used for the 2004 African Cup of Nations.
It is primarily used for ice hockey, and is the home arena of Ilves and Tappara of the Finnish Liiga.
Klokke Stadion, from 1931 on known as Albert Dyserynck Stadion, was a multi-use stadium in Bruges, Belgium.
A second Globe Theatre was built on the same site by June 1614 and closed by an Ordinance issued on 6 September 1642.
Naka no Shibai, also known as Naka-za, was one of the major kabuki theatres in Osaka, Japan.
Artificial pitch – 105 m × 68 m
It was originally named Sunblazer Arena, but was renamed Golden Panther Arena when FIU's athletic teams changed their nickname from Sunblazers to Golden Panthers in 1987.
Until World War II, the club consisted of a dining room and bar with restrooms on upper floors with many mirrors and fresh flowers throughout.
Herbert Hoover launched his 1932 re-election campaign from the Coliseum, and several other U.S. Presidents spoke there, including Woodrow Wilson, Theodore Roosevelt, and William Howard Taft.
The Booth Amphitheatre is located on Regency Parkway in southern Cary, which can be accessed by US 1/US 64 via the Tryon Road exit.
It was host to Beitar Bat Yam, Maccabi Bat Yam, and later, Maccabi Ironi Bat Yam, all of which are now defunct.
Not to be confused with Stade 1er Novembre 1954 and Stade 1er Novembre 1954
Tour on September 15, 1993, the show was recorded and released as a live album, entitled What's Love...?
The IcePlex also has a Total Hockey franchise inside the arena as well as a restauant.
The arena opened in May 2001, as Mile One Stadium, replacing Memorial Stadium.
Hippodrome Waregem, located in Waregem, Belgium, is used for horse racing.
Amigão means Big Friend in Portuguese language and it refers to the way Ernani Sátyro called his voters, amigos velhos, meaning old friends.
The stadium has a capacity of 10,000 people.
The Sardar Jangal Stadium is a sports stadium located in Rasht, Iran.
The arena is licensed for professional basketball, volleyball and table tennis.
The Bat Yam Municipal Stadium is a football stadium in Bat Yam in central Israel.
Kafé 44 is a café, concert venue, and anarchist bookstore in Stockholm.
The stadium was rebuilt in 1998 in place of Shakhtar Stadium under a new name Nika.
It opened in May 2002 and was upgraded in 2005.
Falkenbergs IP is a football stadium in Falkenberg, and the home arena for Falkenbergs FF.
It is still used by FC Sète for training.
Gavin DeGraw is a multi-platinum J Records recording artist.
It hosted the 2008 Hockey East Women's Tournament.
They drew the highest average home attendance in the 2016 China League One, followed by Guizhou Hengfeng Zhicheng, Dalian Yifang and Shenzhen FC.
Hugh S. Greer Field House, formerly the University of Connecticut Field House, was a 4,604 seat multi-purpose arena in Storrs, Connecticut.
The stadium has a capacity of 30,200 people.
Al-Hamadaniah stadium serves as a home ground for Hurriya SC and sometimes for Al-Ittihad Aleppo as well.
The building has served as an event and meeting space since 1979, when it was purchased by the San Francisco Women's Center.
Today, the TNP has a company of ten resident actors and the building is currently being completely renovated.
The afterhours section of the club is always open on Fridays and Saturdays.
The center is owned and operated by the Qatar Tennis Federation.
The Lapeer Loggers were a professional ice hockey team based in Lapeer, Michigan.
The nearest railway station is Kensington which is a London Overground station, a London Underground station and a mainline rail station.
In the past, historical clubs SK Olomouc ASO and Křídla vlasti Olomouc played there.
The NASL's Minnesota Kicks played two indoor seasons at the Met from 1979 to 1981.
Rip Griffin Center is the home court of the Lubbock Christian Chaparrals basketball and volleyball teams.
The facilities are available in addition to the football field and locker room seats with the spectators capacity of approximately 500 people.
The club is in a basement venue at 90 Lots Road in London SW10 and is currently licensed for 175 people.
The UCCU Center, is a multi-purpose arena in Orem, Utah.
Rugby Park is a sports venue located in the suburb of The Range in Rockhampton, Queensland, Australia.
The driving force behind the establishment of the centre was Peter McLeod of Rotorua Lakes Council.
Ernst Abbe Sportfield is a sports facility in Jena, Germany.
The total seating capacity of the stadium is 32,300.
The stadium had a capacity of 19,414 people until 2008–09 when the arena was re-built.
Among the out-of-town visitors, 80 percent said they came specifically for the concert.
ICC Sydney is Australia's first and largest fully integrated convention, exhibition and entertainment centre.
The original wood stadium structure was built in 1924 and replaced in 1996.
Besides this original function, the theatre leads a second life as a venue for ballet and modern dance.
More research on the area would be possible, although it cannot be certain that this would produce a definite site for the Red Lion Theatre.
The arena is primarily used for concerts and other music-related events.
Due to the economic climate in 2009 these plans were put on hold.
The Ludlow Garage began life as an automobile shop and later became a music venue located in the Clifton neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio.
Estádio Giulite Coutinho, also known as Estádio Édson Passos, is a multi-use stadium located in the city of Mesquita, Rio de Janeiro State, Brazil.
The site dates back to 1913 and originally housed a Methodist congregation.
Amaan Stadium is a stadium in Zanzibar, Tanzania.
The Henderson Pavilion is known for its 40,000-square-foot canopy style roof.
Buildings on the adjacent sites were demolished by late-2016 to make way for a 39 level, 309 apartment project.
Located in Marseille, the center was officially opened in July 1991.
The stadium is the home of MSV Duisburg and holds 31,500 people.
Epsom Playhouse is the main theatre in Epsom and Ewell, Surrey, England.
The stadium has a capacity of 25,000 spectators.
The present company was established in 1946 as an offshoot of the Old Vic in London.
It has a maximum capacity of 9,660.
Drom Soccer Park is an association football venue in the Republic of Ireland based in Drom East, Rahoon, County Galway.
Starting with Dreamscape's 1994 New Year's Eve event, promoters would occasionally use the adjacent "Rollers UK" roller skating rink in conjunction with The Sanctuary.
Prior to its destruction, it was one of the most beautiful and iconic buildings in Valletta.
It was founded in 1950 by Gita Predić-Nušić i Đurđinka Marković, as first Serbian professional theatre for the children.
It is also the start and end point of the Borneo International Marathon held annually in Kota Kinabalu.
The stadium holds around 5000 people, not all of which are seated.
The Saenger Theatre is a Mobile landmark, known for its architecture and ties to local cultural history.
The theatre was badly damaged by a fire in 1900.
It is used for soccer and football.
It was built in 1968, and is part of the Cadet Field House, which also includes Clune Arena.
The Mayfair Theatre is a cinema located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
The stadium has a capacity of almost 5,000 spectators.
It was completed in June 1997 and is made from 25,000 Akita Cypress trees which are covered with a special double Teflon-coated membrane.
The pavilion hosts a summer concert series, motorcycle rallies, and the city of Lowell's Fourth of July fireworks.
At the beginning of the 2011/12 season, the pitch was converted to an artificial playing surface, with Cesena becoming the first club to do so.
Artists that have performed at the venue include Led Zeppelin, David Bowie, the Jackson 5 and Thin Lizzy, among others.
The stadium holds 30,000 fixed seats plus 6,000 movable seats.
The Sportanlage an der Feldgerichtstrasse is a rugby union stadium in Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
Access to the Main UCL Wilkins Building and the UCL Refectory is possible through the theatre building.
The space formerly operated as the "Midland Jazz Club", "Jug 'O Punch Folk Club", Dance Factory and "Barfly".
St. Jakob Arena opened in 2002 and holds 6,700 people.
The theatre is managed and operated by the Ambassador Theatre Group for the Milton Keynes Theatre & Gallery Company.
Opened in January 2005, The building is located very close to the shopping area Angelópolis.
The school is located just East of the stadium.
With Madison Square Garden, it was once one of the best-known indoor sports venues in the U.S.
Latin singer Yuridia performed here on November 21, 2012 as part of her Para Mi Tour.
Stevens Stadium is a 7,000-seat soccer stadium at Santa Clara University in Santa Clara, California.
The stands and terraces were arranged in a haphazard manner due to space constraints, and by 1920 the club had outgrown the cramped venue.
The listed building was designed as a library but owes its present name to its use by Birmingham Joint Stock Bank.
The Green Cinema was a film theatre that operated for over half a century in Dublin, Ireland until its closure in 1987.
Chairs can also be placed on the floor up to a maximum of 1,200 making the capacity of the Arena approximately 6,300.
It features the Maryland Eastern Shore Baseball Hall of Fame.
The capacity is expandable with temporary seating.
Unusually for a theatre, food and drink were served in the auditorium, in the style of contemporary music halls.
is an acronym for the Society for the Preservation of Art and Culture in Evanston.
It is used mostly for American football matches.
In Autumn 2013, the Ustinov presented The Spanish Golden Age Season, three new translations of rarely seen plays.
It was known as the Finnish Theatre until 1902, when it was renamed the Finnish National Theatre.
The arena has a seating capacity of 5,500 spectators.
Aphroditi Sports Hall is the largest arena in the city of Paphos.
There is grass on three sides of the field, and on the other side there are stands covering about 1,000 spectators.
In addition to the Alexandra Theatre, the venue also has a cafe, charity shop.
It has a capacity of 1,400 spectators and is the home court of the handball team, Lemvig-Thyborøn Håndbold and the basketball club Lemvig Basket.
Tabernacle, also nicknamed The Tabby, is a mid-size concert hall in the U.S. city of Atlanta.
There was plans for the construction of a new 1,100 seater stand.
Alumni Hall is an indoor stadium at the United States Naval Academy, in Annapolis in the U.S. state of Maryland.
It was replaced by Stadio Nereo Rocco in 1992.
Small artificial pitch – 44 m × 22 m
Since then City Bank Stadium has been a popular site for surround teams to play in.
The theater hosted numerous performances by performers and celebrities such as Randy Orton and Gracie Allen, as well as Sophie Tucker, Eddie Cantor, and Georgie Jessel.
It has a maximum capacity of 1520 plus standing room.
Some important operas received their first Scottish performance at the Lyceum, including Madam Butterfly, Manon and Die Meistersinger.
On the top floor, specifically chart music is played including mainstream pop acts such as Lady Gaga.
It is located on the grounds of Parque de la Abolición.
In July 2008, Percy Perry Stadium hosted the 2008 ILF Under-19 World Lacrosse Championships.
The facility is primarily used by the Bethel College for college football and men's and women's soccer teams.
The field dimensions are 190 feet to left and right fields and 220 feet to center field.
It has a capacity of around about 21,000.
It opened in 1971 and holds 4,448 people, but plans are ready to expand the capacity.
