Beniaminów [bɛɲaˈminuf] is a village in Poland.
Though the sea is mostly calm all year round, there have been isolated cases of drowning in this beach
Proposed developments: Bamandongri railway station on the railway line connecting CBD Belapur to JNPT is proposed and in progress.
The name of the village means "Royal Kijewo".
The village has a population of 200.
The 2.49-square-kilometre village has a population of 2,289.
It is located on the eastern shore of Slocan Lake south of New Denver.
It is part of the Wheeling, West Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Area.
It lost about 70% of its land, west of the Green Line.
The town is separated from the plain by ramparts with five gates.
The town also boasts a community pitch on which locals play Gaelic football and soccer.
Żelazowa Wola [ʐɛlaˈzɔva ˈvɔla] is a village in Gmina Sochaczew, Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
It is a centre for the manufacture of fashionable bandanas.
The village sits at the southeast end of the Altafjorden, along the European route E06 highway, about 12 kilometres northeast of the town of Alta.
Kallemäe is a village in Valjala Parish, Saare County, Estonia, on the island of Saaremaa.
Patani, also sometimes Patani Raya, or "Greater Patani") is a historical region in the northern part of the Malay peninsula.
Foxford Woollen Mills produce Foxford blankets here.
Navlakhumbre is a village in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Ammerstol is a village, part of the municipality of Krimpenerwaard in the Netherlands.
It is located northwest of Brandon, Manitoba and is on Highway 45.
There is one primary health centre in the village.
Every month nearly 70,000 appams are prepared and distributed as ‘prasad’ to the devotees who visit the temple.
Skage or Skage i Namdalen is a village in the municipality of Overhalla in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
The population was 59 at the 2010 census.
Ankalagi is known for its Jain community.
It is geared towards tourism with many luxury hotels in Mauritius, experiencing about 500,000 visitors yearly.
It is part of the Albuquerque Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The population was 172 at the 2010 census.
There are two churches in Talui, The Roman Catholic Church and the Baptist Church.
Saint-Célestin is a village municipality in the Centre-du-Québec region of the province of Quebec in Canada.
Slenaken is a village in the Dutch province of Limburg.
Skálabotnur is a village at the end of the Skálafjørður fjord on the Faroese island of Eysturoy located in Runavík Municipality.
The population was 395 at the 2010 census.
Bielany [bjɛˈlanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wądroże Wielkie, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
The first people settled between 1912 and 1914 from Selepeng/Leshongwane in the north east part of the country.
It lies approximately 6 kilometres south-east of Żnin and 38 km south-west of Bydgoszcz.
Interstate 25, which skirts the west side of town, gives a view of the majority of the town.
Ban Laemphrathat is a village in the Nakhon Pa Mak subdistrict of Amphoe Bang Krathum District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.
Laurier-Station is a village municipality in Lotbinière Regional County Municipality in the Chaudière-Appalaches region of Quebec, Canada.
Nyelv is a small village in Nesseby Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.
His book "Siekierezada" was actually based on his personal adventures he had experienced in Grochowice.
Czernina Dolna [t͡ʂɛrˈnina ˈdɔlna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Malkhed on the banks of Kagina River in Sedam Taluk of Gulbarga district, Karnataka state was the capital of Rashtrakutas from.
Steenwijkerwold was a separate municipality until 1973, when it became a part of Steenwijk.
However, this reservoir almost dries up during the summer months.
Its name came from German immigrants from the River Rhine area.
The village is a commercial hub for the municipality and it includes several industries, shopping, and schools.
Vaassen was an independent municipality up to 1 January 1818, when it merged with Epe.
It is the seat of the administrative district called Gmina Paszowice.
It is located in the municipality of Alphen aan den Rijn, South Holland, about 7 km southwest of the town of Alphen aan den Rijn.
The village has a kindergarten, school, chitalishte and library with more than 14,000 books.
The graveyard contains the graves of many both Catholic and Church of Ireland families of the area for many generations.
In 2004 the village had a population of 730.
This was a humming village and trading centre during the mediveval and British period.
It is located on the island of Hinnøya by the entrance to the Sigerfjorden.
The population was 1,368 at the 2010 census.
The village is located within L'Anse Township.
From above, the village appears as a "Paa Ni Pee Tha".
The National Arbor Day Foundation has designated Lindsey as a Tree City USA.
Kumara-devam is a village in West Godavari district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The village of Andenes is the northernmost settlement of the island of Andøya and in Nordland county.
At that time, it was located on the banks of the Tamraparani River and at the sea coast, forming a natural harbour.
Gibsonburg is a village in Sandusky County, Ohio, United States 33 miles southeast of Toledo.
It is located in the municipality Kollumerland, about 1 km southeast of the town of Kollum.
The population was 557 at the 2010 census.
On the banks of the river Kaveri, this village is the site of one of the oldest temples of Varadaraja, a form of Vishnu.
Cattawood Springs is a place in Portland Parish, Jamaica located at latitude 18 04' 00", longitude 76 26' 00".
These lakes have been beautified as part of the cleansing and beautification of lakes in Thane city.
Kenilworth has a reputation as being the wealthiest and the most exclusive community in the Midwest.
It is in the Kufra District in the southern Cyrenaica region of southeastern Libya.
This village surrounded by ponds and paddy fields.
The village is located along an arm of the Trondheimsfjord, about 1.5 kilometres east of Hundhammeren and about 1.5 kilometres west of the village of Malvik.
Reis Magos is a village located on the northern bank of the Mandovi River in Bardez, Goa, opposite to the capital city of Panjim.
Taluks Budalur- 0 KM Thiruvaiyaru- 15 KM Thanjavur- 18 KM Pullambadi- 21 KM
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 544 people.
This includes villages like Pragathi Singaram, Katrapally, Neredupally, Mylaram, Pathipaka and Koppula
At the 2006 census, its population was 630, in 119 families.
It is mostly inhabited by Sikarwar Rajputs.
The population was 1,203 at the 2010 census.
It is about 25 km from Solapur and 15 km from Akkalkot, a famous pilgrimage for Shri.
(There is a local 'Big House' known as Dually and the settlement is marked as Dually on roadmaps.
The Purbasthali area has a fairly high level of arsenic in the ground water.
The 0.32-square-kilometre village has a population of 319, which gives the village a population density of 997 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The statistical area "Paterswolde", which can also include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 3760.
Kantabania is a village under the Nayagarh district, Odisha, India.
The village has a Romanian ethnic majority and a population of 1,017.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 2,760 people.
When Offaly won the 1998 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship the goalkeeper on the team was Stephen Byrne from the club.
Mondemkhallu is a village panchayat in Kurupam mandal of Vizianagaram district in Andhra Pradesh, India.
The village is situated near from Ib-Thermal Power Station.
There is a Mariyamman temple located in the Village.
The island of Silda is located about 2 kilometres northeast of the village of Raudeberg.
In the heart of the village, the Chennampallil Sree Dharma Shasta and Devi temple are situated.
Venneshamn is a village in the municipality of Inderøy in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
Amelia is a village in Clermont County, Ohio, United States.
It is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area.
During the summer months some of its former residents use their old houses as vacation homes.
Langweer has a rich trading history, and it's located at a small lake.
Udagama is a village in the Divisional Secretary's Division of Padukka, Western Province, Sri Lanka.
Evenskjer is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Skånland in Troms county, Norway.
It is located 70 kilometres west of the Saskatchewan border, at the intersection of Highway 13, Buffalo Trail and the Canadian Pacific Railway tracks.
Trucks and buses halt here for refreshing before travelling through Shiradi ghat section of Western Ghats.
U.S. Route 45 runs through the village.
In 2001, the village of Hensbroek had 758 inhabitants.
Michałówka [mixaˈwufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
It had town rights from 1991 to 2010.
Besides the village itself, this also includes the hamlet Vatrop and the surrounding countryside.
Konaraopeta is a village and a mandal in Karimnagar district in the state of Telangana in India.
It is the location of the Mathematical Research and Conference Center of the Institute of Mathematics of the Polish Academy of Sciences.
Geiranger Church is the main church for the village and surrounding area.
The village of Borgund lies along the European route E16 highway, about 20 kilometres southeast of the village of Lærdalsøyri.
The mountain Andorfjellet and the lake Andorsjøen lie to the east of the village.
It lies approximately 4 kilometres south-east of Radków, 17 kilometres west of Kłodzko, and 84 kilometres south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Blatná na Ostrove is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.
Kasimkota is also part of the second largest jaggery market of the country in Anakapalle.
It is in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ferns.
Burnham is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States.
The heavy fluctuations in the climate and various crop diseases increased the burden of the peasants.
One of Iceland's most famous men's choirs, Karlakórinn Heimir, is based there.
It is located in Chandarlapadu mandal of Vijayawada revenue division.
Dr. Rattan Chand, a highly placed bureaucrat in Govt.
Vallampally has mixed population from various sections of society including cloth-weavers, farmers and small-time traders.
Furthermore, in 1498 Debowiec was raided by Crimean Tatars and Wallachians, who burned all towns and villages of Carpathian foothills.
Not to be confused with Ramapo, New York, once known as New Hempstead.
There is a Gaelic Athletic Association club, CLG Mhícheál Breathnach, which holds a football tournament every year on St. Stephen's Day.
The population was 409 at the 2010 census.
It is situated in the Šabac municipality, in the Mačva District.
School children also visit to improve their Irish at summer schools.
Ask has had famous residents up to recent times.
Once a sleepy lakeside village of cottages and small ranches, its population skyrocketed as developers flocked to the area in the 1990s.
Steenwijkerwold is a village in the Dutch province of Overijssel.
Morrisville is a village in Morristown, Lamoille County, Vermont, United States.
Laveru is located on Subhadrapuram-Cheepurupalli road that connects National Highway-5 to Cheepurupalli railway station on Howrah-Chennai mainline.
Chelembra or Idimuzhikkal is a town in Malappuram district, Kerala, India.
The village is located within Custer Township.
The village is located on an isthmus that is about 3 km wide between an arm of the Ullsfjorden and the Lyngenfjorden.
Bergsfjord is a village in the municipality of Loppa in Finnmark county, Norway.
Tembhu is the site of an Rs 9-billion irrigation project, set up in order to provide water to the drought-stricken Satara district.
It is very close to Kanyakumari, Vattakottai, and Marunthuvazh Malai.
Currently, no Jain resides in the village.
There are numerous nearby archaeological sites, many dating to the Iron Age and earlier.
Williston Park is an incorporated village in Nassau County, New York in the United States.
The name Grodzisko comes from the word Gord, denoting a Slavic settlement.
The population was 350 at the 2010 census.
Berkåk Church is located in the village.
It is part of the Youngstown-Warren-Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
It is at the intersection of Interstate 70 and U.S. Route 54.
It lies approximately 6 km north-west of Góra, and 74 km north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The village has an approximate population of 200.
The village formerly belonged to the Cistercian convent at Owińska.
The cemetery serves both Novo and Staro Laniste.
Bantwaram is a village in Vikarabad district of the Indian state of Telangana.
As of 1 January 2010, Surhuisterveen had a population of 5,865.
On a hillock known as Kurma Saila, "tortoise shaped hill", are other temples to Papanatheswara, Raghunatha, Srirama, and Durga.
Plumtree, Zimbabwe is on the other side of the border crossing.
It is a part of the municipality of Alkmaar, and lies about 15 km southeast of the city of Alkmaar.
Ballyhaise is a village in County Cavan, Ireland.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Devali is a village in the Thane district of Maharashtra, India.
Gaelic football is the most popular sport in the area.
The village is a catholic enclave in a protestant region.
It is located in Surajpur District of the state of Chhattisgarh.
The population was 236 at the 2010 census.
It is the only Temple in India, where the idol of Lord Vinayaka sports a jata-hair.
It lies directly north of Dingle, at the foot of Mount Brandon and on the shores of Brandon Bay.
Fierce house-to-house fighting destroyed many buildings, including the historic church of la Asunción de Nuestra Señora overlooking the village.
The population was 457 at the 2010 census.
Manley is a village in Cass County, Nebraska, United States.
Butlersbridge is a village in County Cavan in Ireland, 5 km north of Cavan Town just off the N3 National primary road.
It has a fine deep harbour and boat launching facilities with safe mooring.
Staré Hamry is a village in Frýdek-Místek District, Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic.
The newspapers Framtia and Meløyavisa are published in Ørnes.
The statistical area "Waarland", which also can include the peripheral parts of the village, as well as the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 2370.
Lijnden or 'de Lijnden' is called after one of the three pumping stations, who reclaimed the municipality of Haarlemmermeer
The name is from members of the Nellis family.
Beulah is a village in the U.S. state of Michigan and the county seat of Benzie County.
Nøstvik Church is located about 1.5 kilometres west of the center of Hommelstø in Velfjord.
Nandikoor railway station has been constructed for unloading of wagons which bring coal to thermal electricity plant.
Mongpong is a small hill village located in the Darjeeling district of West Bengal, India.
Papenvoort is a village in the Dutch province of Drenthe.
Bunnythorpe is a village in the Manawatu-Wanganui region of New Zealand's North Island, 10 km north of the region's major city, Palmerston North.
Safsaf was a Palestinian village located 9 kilometres northwest of Safed, present-day Israel.
Historically the village is famous for the large hoard of Satavahana coins found here during excavation.
Nearby is the Vadukunnu Temple dedicated to Shiva.
The Karnataka-Kerala checkpost border is situated at Talapady.
The main profession is agriculture and aquaculture.
The population was 795 at the 2010 census.
Søldarfjørður is a village in the south of the Faroese island of Eysturoy in Runavík Municipality.
It is part of the town of Greenburgh.
The coastal route around the edge of the parish is the R600 road.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Suburban development has taken place on all approaches to the village in recent times.
Jameson is a village in Daviess County, Missouri, United States.
Jhanjhar gotra Jats presently live in Bhilwara and visit this place occasionally.
Ikolahi is a village in Khanna tehsil in Ludhiana district of Punjab State, India.
Middleport is a village in Meigs County, Ohio, United States, along the Ohio River.
Flatkvål is the site of Eksingedal Church.
It was annexed by Wardell in 2007.
Miedźna [ˈmʲɛd͡ʑna] is a village in Pszczyna County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
Vettambadi is an Indian village situated east of Namakkal and west of Sendamangalam.
Sag Harbor, just north of Sagaponack, is believed to have derived its name from the village.
It lies approximately 7 km south of Żukowice, 9 km south-west of Głogów, and 92 km north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Pivnice is a village located in the Bačka Palanka municipality, in the South Bačka District of Serbia.
In this part of Northern Norway, temperatures can drop down quite low in the winter and the summers can be slightly mild.
The population was 3,661 at the 2010 census.
It is located at latitude 26.68 longitude 75.88 at an elevation of 333 metres.
Beerta is a village and former municipality with a population of 2,365 in the municipality of Oldambt in the province of Groningen in the Netherlands.
Kedgaon is now included in Ahmednagar city municipal corporation and most of its citizens speak Marathi.
Domakonda is a village in the Kamareddy district of the Indian state of Telangana.
Tanem's population has grown the last ten years, with almost a doubling in the number of houses.
Aralvaimozhi is near the Muppandal wind farm.
This time however, instead of any bloodshed they managed to sign a truce after which they pushed back their troops.
Spała [ˈspawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowłódz, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
The nearest village is Ballalguri, which is about 5 km to the south of Totopara.
Singoli is a block and a nagar panchayat in Neemuch district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
Krzekotów [kʂɛˈkɔtuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogów, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Originally, Ballintemple was a separate village but today it has been enclosed by the city.
It is a part of the municipality of Eijsden-Margraten, and lies about 5 km east of Maastricht.
Sosnówka [sɔsˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
It is a part of the municipality of Edam-Volendam in the Dutch province of North Holland.
Punanai is a small hamlet in Sri Lanka, made famous in 1920 by a man-eating leopard.
It is best known for the Battle of Płowce, which took place on 27 September 1331 between the kingdom of Poland and the Teutonic Knights.
Blythedale is a village in Harrison County, Missouri, United States.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1,308 people.
Forsnes is a village in the municipality of Hitra in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
Lunak is a village in Tutaki Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.
The 0.49-square-kilometre village has a population of 292.
Of the six municipalities involved, Þingeyri had the lowest rate of approval for the merger with 130 voting in favor and 71 voting against.
Rotnes is the administrative centre of Nittedal municipality, Norway.
The population was 61 at the 2010 census.
In previous local body election Mr Murali Swaminathan has been elected has the village Panjayath president.
One of the only 2 mosques in the municipality is located here.
It was built of wood and has 200 seats.
Ribeira Afonso is a village on the eastern coast of São Tomé Island in São Tomé and Príncipe.
Veligandla is a village in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Krzekotówek [kʂɛkɔˈtuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotla, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Since 2015 it has been a part of the municipality of Krimpenerwaard.
David Quaid is buried in the "Old Graveyard" in Templeathea.
Achickal is a small village in Kottayam district of Kerala, south India.
The River Annalee flows near the village.
A number of small restaurants and gas stations benefit from having traffic pass through at slow speed.
It is bisected by the Termon River which is part of the border between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
The house of Kumaranasan is now converted into a tourist spot named Kumaranasan Smarakom.
Somerset is a village in St. Croix County, Wisconsin, along the Apple River.
Miramiguoa Park is a village in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.
It is situated in the Kikinda municipality, North Banat District, in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina.
As of 28 February 2017, the village had an estimated population of 2,814 and a population density of 46.4 persons per km2 in 1,157 households.
It is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Espino de la Orbada is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon.
As of the 2000 census, the village has a total population of 513.
St. Helena is a village in Pender County, North Carolina, United States.
It is along the Dosnica river which leads into the Kozuf mountain.
The municipality lies at an altitude of 328 metres and covers an area of 3.83 km².
It lies approximately 6 km north of Warta Bolesławiecka, 9 km east of Bolesławiec, and 96 km west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Paszenki [paˈʂɛŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłoń, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
Chennaraopet is a village and a mandal in Warangal district in the state of Telangana in India.
One of the biggest producer of vine is First Grafters Cooperative 1903.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Korukonda has a small railway station in Waltair division of East Coast Railway, Indian Railways.
The village has an approximate population of 60.
Tjørnuvík is the northernmost village on the Faroese island of Streymoy in Sunda Municipality.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 5,599 people.
It lies approximately 9 kilometres north of Bircza, 23 km west of Przemyśl, and 44 km south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
Piridi is a Major Panchayat village in Bobbili mandal of Vizianagaram District in Andhra Pradesh, India.
Chōsei is a village located in Chōsei District, Chiba Prefecture, Japan.
Nagórzany is about 10 miles from Sanok in south-west Poland.
The village is 15 km south of the district capital Zebilla.
It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina.
The village furthermore plays host to the Dutch Institute for Ecology.
The Kottuvally panchayt is spread out on both sides of NH-66 road.
Bharasar is one of the 24 villages/ghaams that have formed the Shree Kutch Leva Patel Community.
Following World War II the native German population was expelled and replaced by Poles.
Historically, Vedvik was an agricultural village focusing on milk production and sheep, but today most residents commute to Raudeberg or Måløy to work.
There is no official road going to the village yet, so commuting is done by boat from Skjånes or Smalfjord.
Four days later, Alexander changed Mielnik’s town charter into Magdeburg rights.
It fell to the Mamluks and then the Ottoman Turks.
It is on the Dingle Peninsula, 5 miles east of the town of Dingle and 25 miles west of Tralee on the N86 National Secondary Route.
The population was 509 at the 2010 census.
Kotekara is a census town in Dakshina Kannada district in the Indian state of Karnataka.Kotekar is located on NH-17 south of Mangalore towards Talapady.
Hollandale is a village in Iowa County, Wisconsin, United States.
The village is located on the northern end of the Folgefonn Peninsula, at the confluence of the Sørfjorden and Hardangerfjorden.
The Village of Jeffersonville is home to the Sullivan West Central School elementary.
Kozłów [ˈkɔzwuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec, within Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
In summer, PostBus Switzerland operates a bus service which provides several daily return journeys to Linthal and Spiringen.
West Millgrove is a village in Wood County, Ohio, United States.
Narthamalai(Tamil:நார்த்தாமலை), a cluster of small hills, is 25 km from Trichy on the Trichy-Pudukottai highway in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.
Until 2003 Hósvík was run by an independent local council, but following the local election in 2003 it became a part of the larger Sunda Kommuna.
The population was 416 at the 2010 census.
It has 428 inhabitants, 30.9% of the population are ethnic Poles and 80.8% are Roman Catholics.
It is situated in the municipality of Ruma, Srem District, Vojvodina province.
It is 32 km from Salem, 333 km southwest of Chennai, 242 km south of Bangalore and 118 km northwest of Tiruchirapalli.
Sexbierum is a village in the municipality of Franekeradeel, in the central north of the Netherlands.
It lies approximately 15 km west of Jawor, and 76 km west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Shortsville is a village in Ontario County, New York, United States.
It has an average elevation of 820 metres.
Eidsvåg is located at the end of the Langfjorden on the isthmus connecting the Romsdal peninsula to the Norwegian mainland.
Despite the name, the land is relatively low-lying and fertile.
Pattukottai is the nearest town, which lies some 10 km to the west.
It is a member of Mikroregion Povodí Mratínského potoka.
The population of Koudum was 2,753 on 1 January 2004.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1,020 people.
Of this, 802 were in Shawano County, and 16 were in Marathon County.
People living in the village are 100% Sunni Muslims.
It is a part of the municipality of Nijkerk, and lies about 12 km east of Amersfoort.
Osedalen is a village in the municipality of Froland in Aust-Agder, Norway.
It is a part of the municipality of Aa en Hunze in Drenthe and lies about 8 km south of Assen.
Diwali, Holi, Uttarayan, Temple Patotsav, Garba, and New Year are some of the festivals celebrated each year in Jhulasan.
It is part of the Waimakariri District and is a linear town, approximately 2 kilometres long.
Moundville is a village in Vernon County, Missouri, United States.
Further, over the years, the popularity of this uniqueness has also attracted tourists to the village to watch the birds.
Stara Rawa [ˈstara ˈrava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
Most populous religious group were Roman Catholics with 616.
New Waterford is located in the Salem, OH Micropolitan Statistical Area, as well as the southern regions of the greater Mahoning Valley.
It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Bobrowniki.
Bosque Farms is a village in Valencia County, New Mexico, United States.
The village stretches mainly northwards from that road, adjoining the settlement of Złotoryjsko to the north.
It lies approximately 4 km north-west of Bolków, 15 km south-west of Jawor, and 72 km west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Posaliais a village situated in Sheoganj tehsil of Sirohi District of Rajasthan in Western India.
Kidangoor is a village in Kottayam district, near Pala, India.
Windham is a village in Portage County, Ohio, United States.
Kunda is a town and a Tahsil in Pratapgarh district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Stara Morawa [ˈstara mɔˈrava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stronie Śląskie, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
The village has a population of 990.
The village of Øystese lies about 4 kilometres to the northeast and the village of Vikøy lies about 3 kilometres southeast of Norheimsund.
Inside the chapel there is an interesting, contemporary icon of Christ in Gethsemane.
The village lies along the northern coast of the island of Magerøya, and it claims the distinction of being the world's northernmost fishing village.
At the tip of the Sedd el Bahr promontory is the castle, Sedd el Bahr Kale, also known as Eski Kale which was built in 1659.
Uplands Park is a village in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.
Koguva is located on the western top of the island, small Kõinastu islet is located just 2 km northwest in the Väinameri Sea.
Very famous Sri Ram Mandir kodical is also located in baikampady.
The wider statistical area of Sint Maartensbrug has a population of around 780.
From 1975 to 1998 the village belonged to Piła Voivodeship.
The rail link continues to the village of Sopotnica and was constructed in late 1950.
It is about 1.5 km from Kinnigoli bus-stand and 3 km from S.Kodi, 7 km from Mulki.
The reopening of the Magdalena Hall Hotel and the renovation of other historical buildings allow visitors to connect to the past.
The village derives its name from combination of Sanskrit words ‘Katra’ + ‘Sthal’..
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
The village is located on the mainland, along the north shore of the Gulafjorden.
The village is located about 12 km south of the center of the town of Harstad, along the Vågsfjorden on the east side of Hinnøya island.
The lake Løkjelsvatnet lies about 10 kilometres west of the centre of the village of Etnesjøen.
It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Prostki.
It is located approximately between the towns of Stokmarknes and Sortland, and just south of Gjerstad.
Hesseng is a village in Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.
It is located in Puttaparthi mandal of Kadiri revenue division.
Frysztak lies in historic Lesser Poland, and in 1772–1918 it was part of Austrian province of Galicia.
Meyers Lake is a village in Stark County in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Kaparada is called cherrapunji of Gujarat receiving highest rainfall in the state.
It was built on the left bank of the Nida by Stanislaw Sobek, in 1560-1570.
Many of the huge estates in the village were built on former potato fields.
The population was 17 at the 2010 census.
Lyndonville is a village in Orleans County, New York, United States.
The village has a population of 2,793.
During the days of Jewish king Herod the town was the administrative center for the district of Idumea.
It is situated in the Bačka Topola municipality, in the North Bačka District, Vojvodina province.
In the 19th century, the town thrived after the discovery of gold.
The population was 243 at the 2010 census.
Glendon is a village in northern Alberta north of St. Paul.
It is the county seat of Roscommon County.
The broadcast studio is just inside the front window.
Their father owned a 23,000 acre plantation there.
"Chitai" is also a common name for the river loach Schistura montana.
Aghasur is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Kirkersville was platted in 1832 by Dr. William C. Kirker, and named for him.
Hordville is a village in Hamilton County, Nebraska, United States.
This village is famous for Dargah of Pashtun community.
The population was 597 at the 2010 census.
McBride is a village in Montcalm County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
People from various parts of the world visit this ashram throughout the year.
By early 15th century, Debowiec had a number of artisans, and among its most famous owners was knight Marcin of Wrocimowice, who resided here in 1433-1442.
It is included in the Wapakoneta, Ohio Micropolitan Statistical Area.
His son, Marcin of Debowiec was captured by Turks during the Battle of Varna, and spent 20 years in Turkish captivity.
Jeżów Sudecki is a village in Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
68 km from State capital Chandigarh Ikolahi Pin code is 141401 and postal head office is Khanna .
Mniszków [ˈmniʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowice Wielkie, within Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
It is located at the southern border of the Kampinos Forest and is a notable resort, with 1,600 permanent inhabitants.
In 1667, while part of Sandomierz Voivodeship, it had only 32 houses, with the population of 270.
It is located 44 kilometres north-west of the city of Lloydminster and 21 kilometres west of the Saskatchewan border.
The population was 206 at the 2010 census.
Lešnica is a village in western Serbia.
The village of Norheim lies about 4 kilometres to the west and the village of Vormedal lies about 6 kilometres to the southwest.
It lies approximately 6 kilometres west of Jabłoń, 15 km north-east of Parczew, and 62 km north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
It lies just north of Ślesin, approximately 30 kilometres north of Konin and 97 km east of the regional capital Poznań.
Võrsna is a village in Valjala Parish, Saare County, Estonia, on the island of Saaremaa.
There is no clear road, only a path made of rocks.
The population was 158 at the 2010 census.
It is a part of the municipality of Tholen, and lies about 12 km northwest of Bergen op Zoom.
Oyoor is a small township of Velinalloor village in the Kottarakara Taluk, Kollam District of Kerala, India.
Devotees firmly believe that Lord Mahaganapathi bless them and fulfills their wishes.
It is the gateway to Eastern Himalayas.
The village has a population of 1,796.
Harrisburg is a village in Franklin and Pickaway counties in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Rogalin pronounced [rɔˈɡalin] is a village in western Poland, situated on the river Warta.
Spencer is a village in Spencer Township located in Medina County, Ohio, United States.
Daszewo [daˈʂɛvɔ] is a village in Poland.
Breivikbotn is the administrative centre of the municipality of Hasvik in Finnmark county, Norway.
It is situated in the Vršac municipality, in the South Banat District, Vojvodina province.
All of the inhabitants live on Kitadaitōjima.
The town is famous for having several lakes in close proximity to the wall.
Kemundel is a place in the Udupi district of the state of Karnataka, India.
It is part of the Grand Island, Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area.
It lies on the north bank of the Salmon River, opposite the town of Truro and the unincorporated community of Salmon River.
It is linked to the Harare–Mutare railway line, 16 km away, by a narrow gauge railway line constructed in 1920.
Haradanahalli is home town of 11th Prime Minister of India, H. D. Deve Gowda who was born on 18 May 1933 in Haradanahalli village.
It is situated in the Alibunar municipality, in the South Banat District, Vojvodina province.
The village, with brightly painted houses and several stores and shops, is located on the plains of northeastern New Mexico.
Alinchuvadu is a place in Moonniyoor Panchayat in the Malappuram district of Kerala in India.
Being close to both Omaha and Lincoln has made it an excellent location for more wealthy urbanites to build homes in the country.
Mudushedde is a census town in Dakshina Kannada district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
Otematata in Māori means "place of good flint".
Strendur is a village on the Faroese island Eysturoy, located along the Skálafjørður fjord in Sjóvar Municipality.
Felbabka is a village in Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Stiphout is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant.
Shilghati is a panchayat village located in the Gomati district of Tripura state of India.
The population was 817 at the 2010 census.
Lyndon Station is a village in Juneau County, Wisconsin, United States.
The village lies about 8 kilometres north of Vik, just south of the municipal border with Brønnøy.
There are several points of significance in the village.
It is part of the Hastings, Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Nagłowice [naɡwɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
However, it remains one of the island's major commercial districts in addition to being the seat of government.
The village has a population of 35.
The majority of the population is Hindu and there are numerous Mandirs, where the Hindu people of Majhgawan come to worship.
The assailants were repulsed with the loss of seven lives.
It is the smallest municipality by population in Croatia.
According to the 2005 census, the city has a population of 1831 inhabitants.
Between 1948 and 1991, the Slovak name of the village was Pastúchy.
The community of Harvey is located nearby.
Obetz is a village in Franklin County, Ohio, United States.
The population was 181 at the 2010 census.
While the population of Courtown remains quite small, the census combines the area of Courtown, Riverchapel and Ardamine.
The lake Stordalsvatnet lies just east of the village.
Mallappuzhassery is a village situated in the Greater Kozhencherry region near the Aranmula Parthasarathy Temple, in the Pathanamthitta district in Kerala, India.
It is located 5 miles west of Lake Michigan on the Des Plaines River.
Oakview is a village in Clay County, Missouri, United States.
It is located along the Tomrefjorden, just north of the village of Tomra and about 8 kilometres west-southwest of the village of Vestnes.
The village is located about 38 kilometers from both Kottayam town and Kochi city.
Michałówka [mixaˈwufka] is a village in Poland located in Masovian Voivodeship, in Grójec County, in Gmina Jasieniec.
The population was 7,729 at the 2010 census.
Guru Nanak Dev is said to have visited this place when it was little more than a wilderness.
Kannur fort, and the Mappila Bay is near Ayikkara.
It is several kilometers away from the city of Berhampur.
It is part of the Youngstown-Warren-Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The railway station of Rush & Lusk is about 2km east and is shared with the coastal settlement of Rush.
Arcanum is a village in Darke County, Ohio, United States.
Georges Mill is an unincorporated village in northern Loudoun County, Virginia.
Korukollu is a small village in the Kalidindi mandal of Krishna District in Andhra Pradesh, India.
Dhanya hotel provides tea,cheru kadikal and lunches
Kota Gandredu is a village panchayat in Gurla mandal of Vizianagaram district in Andhra Pradesh, India.
The 1960s and 1970s saw the immigration of Kanbis to the UK and USA.
Illanthakunta, a village nearby is famous for the temple of Lord Rama.
It was a flourishing town from the Mauryan period up to Gupta period.
As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 21.
Skulsk [skulsk] is a village in Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Parking and access to the Cape Cod Canal service road are available on Canal Road.
The village is located on the southeastern coast of the Nedstrand peninsula, at the confluence of the Nedstrandsfjorden and Vindafjorden.
The population was 1,675 at the 2010 census.
Altamont is a village in Daviess County, Missouri, United States.
Doddachellur is a village in the Challakere taluk of Karnataka state, India.
Longva is a village in Haram Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
Neighboring municipalities are Kruševac, Aleksinac, Sokobanja, Boljevac, Paraćin and Ćićevac.
It lies approximately 22 kilometres south of Ostróda and 41 km south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
There are many people of this village who have served in the Army, from the Ranks of Sepoy up to the highest rank of Colonel.
In the winter when the river is frozen, the Two Provinces trip is organized for the ice-skate enthusiasts.
As per constitution of India and Panchyati Raaj Act, Sisai village is administrated by Sarpanch who is elected representative of village.
Another object of interest is the so-called Poppestien.
It is also close to the city of Kragerø, located roughly 5 km to the northwest.
Skrobów [ˈskrɔbuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The population was 3,487 at the 2010 census.
The village is a local hub for farming and a small number of shops.
Winssen was a separate municipality until 1818, when it was merged with Ewijk.
A place of antiquity, it is known for its ancient monuments.
His father was Chaudhary Taharji, a chieftain of Khirnal.
It is located in the municipality Wûnseradiel, about 7 km southwest of the city of Bolsward.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Biscayne Park was originally a neighborhood of the City of Miami when it was annexed into the City of Miami in 1925.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1,619 people.
Devarayanadurga is a hill station near15 km Tumkur in the state of Karnataka in India.
Rasu Kami is a small Tripuri village situated on the foot-hills of Boromura hill range in Sadar sub-division of West Tripura, India.
It is also home to the Munster headquarters of ADA systems.
It houses one of the Ashta Mathas established by Madhvacharya, the Dvaita philosopher.
There is a famous temple " Puthiyakaavu sree bhagavathi temple " is situated in Mele palangad area.
Kandalampadu is a village in Krishna District of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The population was 167 at the 2010 census.
Beitstad is a village and former municipality in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
Some of the residents of this village, due to ancestral land inheritance, moved to village called Dhilwan Khurd near Sadik.
Shree Parshuram Patil had two sons, Hari and Ramchandra.
Prior to 1945 the village was in Germany and known as Güttmannsdorf.
Rest of year 5 days Guided tours are available.
Gložan is a village located in the Bački Petrovac municipality, in the South Bačka District of Serbia.
The population was 310 at the 2010 census, making it the smallest village in Texas.
The village began with a store built in 1853 operated by Silas C. Hall, who also became the first postmaster in 1857.
Part of the former customary village land is where the new Aggie Grey's Lagoon Resort has been built with a golf course beside the airport.
In Wojsławice there is an Arboretum called Wojsławice Arboretum.
The built-up area of Goudswaard is 0.28 km².
The population was 665 at the 2010 census.
The 0.19-square-kilometre village has a population of 360, which gives the village a population density of 1,895 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The population was 351 at the 2010 census.
The village is primarily known for its tradition of intricate lace-making.
It was during this time he started touring each village and town along with Khan Abdul Ghaffar Khan, better known as Bacha Khan.
The name of the village comes from the river Vorma which flows into the Orkla River at Vormstad.
It is located on the southwestern corner of the island of Hitra, along the Trondheimsleia.
Commandeur refers to the captain of a whaling ship, as were used during the 18th century to hunt in the Arctic Ocean.
The village's village hall is two miles east of the centre of Saffron Walden and one and a third miles from Tesco's store.
Ivalo was severely damaged during the Lapland War by retreating German troops led by Generaloberst Lothar Rendulic; the village was subsequently extensively rebuilt.
Solfjellsjøen or Solfjellsjyen is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Dønna in Nordland county, Norway.
Kadłubówka [kadwuˈbufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Ridgely is a village in Platte County, Missouri, United States.
The village has a population of 7.
Many members of the Nagarathar and Palli groups are among its inhabitants.
It comes under Pattukottai taluk and Thanjavur district.
Today, fish farms, including both salmon and halibut, as well as shellfish are local important industries.
Jelsa is a village in Suldal municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany.
Together the two villages have a population of more than 400 inhabitants.
The population was 142 at the 2010 census.
Among others, the resorts of Portinatx and Cala de Sant Vicent are located there.
Chamalapura is a village situated in H D Kote Taluk, Mysore district, Karnataka, India.
It is a suburb of Chicago, located roughly 9 miles west of downtown Chicago and 2 miles outside city limits.
It is located on the eastern side of the island of Gossa along the Julsundet strait, just north of the village of Aukrasanden.
Romeo is a village in Macomb County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Homestead is a village in Ray County, Missouri, United States.
The village is divided into four sectors or "mopu", namely Longzung mopu, Teyong mopu, Impang mopu and Imlang Mopu.
Spanish Point is a village in the parish of Milltown Malbay in County Clare on the west coast of Ireland.
This place is also called Bangaru Tirupathi.
It has a high school with eight through twelve grade in conjunction with a primary school with first to seventh grades.
Wärtsilä Norway AS has a factory in Sagvåg, producing automation systems for the marine industry.
Minto is a Canadian village straddling the border of Sunbury County and Queens County, New Brunswick.
He was born at village Magloona in Sikar district of Rajasthan in year 1883 in a poor Dhaka gotra Jat Hindu family.
Minor amounts of natural gas have been found nearby.
Silvermines is located near the town of Nenagh on the R499 regional road.
He is still chairman of the club to date.
The village has a population of about 60 inhabitants.
The village has a population of 240.
The village is home to the Beiarn Church, the main church for the municipality.
At the 2006 census, its population was 132, in 23 families.
The name is also spelled Karuvanoore, Karuvanur, Karuvanure, Karuvannur or Karuvannure.
The 3.18 km2 village has a population of 5207, giving the village a population density of 1,637/km2.
The surname Seyan is also believed to originate from this village.
It is a municipal corporation and also the headquarters of Guntur mandal in Guntur revenue division.
Rognan Station is the local railway station.
It is now an Irish heritage site and stands about one kilometre from the better known and more historically significant Gallarus Oratory.
Kedgaon is around 3 km from Ahmednagar railway station and 5 km from Ahmednagar ST old bus-stand.
The factory opened following the first marriage on the islands, that of Marc Pechenart and Martine Raulin on 16 December 1957.
The Hotel Mundal is an old wooden building in 19th-century style still in business as a hotel.
Among important guests in Muczne were: Edward Gierek, Josip Broz Tito, and Abdoreza Pahlavi.
West Jefferson is a village in Madison County, Ohio, United States.
Damaramadugu is an agricultural village located in Buchireddipalem mandal of Nellore district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
In 625 AD this area was held by Rajilla who was a feudatory of King Varmalata of Bhinmal.
Satapuala-I-Uta is the end where most of the village people live, and also the place where the village road ends.
This is one of the six Wooden Churches of Southern Little Poland, on the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites since 2003.
Bøur is a village in the Sørvágur Municipality of the Faroe Islands, 4 km west of Sørvágur, with a population of 75.
Whiting is a village in Portage County, Wisconsin, United States and is a suburb of Stevens Point.
Lisselton is a village in County Kerry, Ireland.
This residential area is located west of the city Sandvika, on top of the hill Jongsåsen.
The name is of topographic origins denoting a large [arable] land pole).
They were led by the late Kgosi Rauwe Sekoko who originated from Lehurutshe in Dinokaneng in South Africa.
It is also part of the New York State 14th Assembly District, which is represented by Republican Brian F. Curran, who resides in Lynbrook.
The village is about 40 kilometres west of Vera and about 15 kilometres east of the municipal center of Verdalsøra.
The built-up area of the town was 0.11 km², and contained 60 residences.
Mugma is a village in Nirsa CD Block in Dhanbad district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.
Karukaputhur also spell as Karukaputhur(Malayalam:കറുകപുത്തൂര്), is a place on the Palakkad district of Kerala.
The village has an approximate population of 640.
Hanoverton is a village in Hanover Township, Columbiana County, Ohio, United States.
Andøya Airport, Andenes is located just south of the village, off of Norwegian County Road 82.
The population density is 1,741 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Slochteren is a village and municipality with a population of 15,546 in the province of Groningen in the northeast of the Netherlands.
In the past, Sommelsdijk was the only place on the island of Goeree-Overflakee that was part of the province of Zeeland.
Slættanes, like the also abandoned village of Víkar, on the northern coast of the island.
Åsen is a village and former municipality in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
Pontypool is an unincorporated village within the southernmost part of the amalgamated city of Kawartha Lakes, Ontario.
Stella is a village in Newton County, Missouri, United States.
The village is dotted with paddy fields and coconut gardens.
Politician Jüri Jaakson was born in Karula.
The 0.33-square-kilometre village has a population of 265.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1,143 people.
Both are linked by National Highway 17.
Deir Mama is a village in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located west of Hama.
It is situated in the Plandište municipality, South Banat District, Vojvodina province.
According to some historians the name Baddeck is derived from the Mi'kmaq term "Abadak" which has been translated as "place with an island near".
It is part of the Buffalo–Niagara Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Sports and cultural activities, too, hold a special place in the village.
Goat farming is important to the local economy.
Rakvice is a village in Břeclav District, South Moravian Region, Czech Republic.
The population was 105 at the 2010 census.
The village has a population of 60.
At the 2006 census, its population was 132, in 29 families.
Bellerive is a northern suburban village in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.
Sumerduck is also home to Rogers Ford Farm Winery and Smith's Antiques.
A few kilometers north of Flekke, lies the village of Haugland, while the bay continues south to Trollvika and a narrow strait into Flosjøen.
Eddyville is a village in Dawson County, Nebraska, United States.
The population was 1,480 at the 2010 census.
Hollum is a Dutch village on Ameland, one of the West Frisian Islands.
The village is located within Constantine Township.
To the south, a dense commercial district along Needham Street includes stalwarts such as China Fair,and the New England Mobile Book Fair among many others.
It is on the bank of the river Chitrotpala.
The main occupation of the villagers is Agriculture and cattle raising.
It is part of the Canton–Massillon Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The 0.68-square-kilometre village has a population of 548, which gives the village a population density of 806 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Nu'uuli is a village on the central east coast of Tutuila Island, American Samoa.
Arm River flows along a river valley north of Bethune and features picturesque camping sites, and the Qu'Appelle River is a short way south.
Dr. John Scudder founded the Asia’s first western medical center in this village.
It is a part of the municipality of Krimpenerwaard, and lies about 5 km east of Gouda.
South Corning is a village in Steuben County, New York, United States.
Ruidoso is the largest community in Lincoln County, and serves as the regional economic hub.
A vanguard village in the days of head hunting, it commands a view of the surrounding hills and valleys.
Speculator is a village in Hamilton County, New York, United States.
It lies approximately 4 km east of Pęcław, 15 km east of Głogów, and 78 km north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The village has a population of 1,000.
The village has a Montenegrin ethnic majority and a total population of 3,693 people.
It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Krzeszów.
It lies approximately 3 kilometres north-west of Nowe Miasto, 16 km east of Płońsk, and 57 km north-west of Warsaw.
Thengellavarigudem is a village 100 km from Hyderabad, India.
Germans fled or were expelled and replaced with Poles expelled from the Polish areas annexed by the Soviet Union.
It was formed from portions of Mantua Township in the Connecticut Western Reserve.
An Fhairche is a Gaeltacht village in County Galway, Ireland.
Afognak was an Alutiiq village on the island of Afognak in Kodiak Island Borough, Alaska, United States.
Kinvara, also spelled Kinvarra, is a sea port village located in the south of County Galway, Ireland.
The island of Andøya is connected to the island of Hinnøya by the Andøy Bridge in Risøyhamn.
Jeffersonville is a village in Fayette County, Ohio, United States.
It is situated on the R515 Regional Road which goes west from Tipperary Town to Abbeyfeale, County Limerick.
Driemond is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
This gives the village a population density of 893 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Its population was 410 as of the 2010 census.
It is situated below the main watershed at the foot of the Słonne Mountain, and has an elevation of 340 m.
The municipality is located in the north-central part of the present-day municipality of Midtre Gauldal.
Mateševo is a village in northern Montenegro, within Kolašin Municipality.
The village is the site of the Lac Ste.
Korgen Church is a cruciform church dating back to 1863.
The rural area on the southwestern side of the village is dominated by forests and the rural area on the northeastern side by agricultural land.
Also to take note of; is the Soccer team which originate from Tonota by the name Tonota Football Club a.k.a.
Willard is a village in Torrance County, New Mexico, United States.
Some sources report that the Jan van Arkel mentioned was in fact Jan I van Arkel.
The population was 324 at the 2010 census.
The population was 1,701 at the 2010 census.
It had a population of 9,750 in 2017.
There are number of schools some which were founded by ACM and Churches and Hindu Temples in the village.
Ithaca is a village in Darke County, Ohio, United States.
Papineau is a village in Papineau Township, Iroquois County, Illinois, United States.
The village is located approximately twenty miles north of Elmira, New York and three miles south of Watkins Glen, New York.
Dalachów [daˈlaxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
The 0.96-square-kilometre village has a population of 584.
Udvilārs are mainly professionals, government servants, teachers and farmers.
The Tunga River flows through the village.
It lies approximately 4 kilometres west of Lubartów and 25 km north of the regional capital Lublin.
After World War II, Bochotnica was a center of anticommunist resistance.
Vaassen]; Low German: Vaossen) is one of four villages in the Dutch municipality of Epe.
It is very famous for its Aadat Bazar.
It is located in the Ruma municipality, in the Srem District, Vojvodina province.
The village sits on an isthmus between the Ersfjorden and the Kaldfjorden, about 15 kilometres west of the city of Tromsø.
Perry is known for its public schools, whose recent construction was influenced by the nearby Perry Nuclear Generating Station.
The village has 330 households, and the average number of members per household is 2.95.
Izbica pronounced ['izˈbit͡sa] is a village in the Krasnystaw County of the Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.
Gadsby is the smallest village in Alberta.
It is the mandal headquarters of Puthalapattu mandal.
Smithfield is a village in Smithfield Township, Jefferson County, Ohio, United States.
Sagesund is a small village in the municipality of Tvedestrand in Aust-Agder county, Norway.
Kamiona [kaˈmjɔna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowice, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Manton is a city in Wexford County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
It is located in Tenali mandal of Tenali revenue division.
The village is well known because the artist colony.
From 1 to 14 September, every year, the cross is publicly displayed for thousands who attend the festival season.
The population was 1,799 at the 2010 census.
It lies 111 meters above sea level.
Kildorrery is a village in north County Cork, Ireland.
The village is home to Port Williams Elementary School, located on Belcher Street.
Following World War II the native German populace was expelled and replaced by Poles.
The renovated Temple was inaugurated in 1980 by the then Chief Minister of Karnataka Devaraj Arasu.
It lies at the west end of Upper Rideau Lake, at the head of the navigable Rideau Canal system, between Kingston and Ottawa.
The 1.11-square-kilometre village has a population of 1,077; giving the village a population density of 970 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Ytre Enebakk has one of the youngest populations in the country.
Local landmarks include the Heemstra State, former residence of the aristocratic Sminia family.
Mahul Koli Mahotsav is celebrated every year by villagers which provides entertainment and great food for fish lovers.
Here, different kinds of activities get hosted now, and Bridgeclub Zwaanshoek is one of the permanent users of the house.
Shahsavaran is a village in Moshkabad Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran.
12th century Sufi Saint, Hazrat Usman Harooni chillah is in Belchi.
It is an important religious place on account of its Lakulisha temple.
The village derives its name from the indigenous Cayuga people and the lake named after them.
It is located on the Skatval peninsula, about 4 kilometres south of the Forbordsfjellet mountain.
The village has a population of approximately 1,600.
The population was 7,009 at the 2010 census.
The built-up area of the town was 0.068 km², and contained 183 residences.
The area has been inhabited since at least the times of the Lusatian culture.
There are two windmills in Holwerd, De Hoop and Miedenmolen.
The Vala chiefs were the feudatories of the Kakatiya Empire.
Local monuments include the ruined Clonmore Castle, Rath Gall hilltop ring fort, Labbanasighe megalithic tomb in Moylisha and Saint Finian's monastery at Aghowle.
It is situated on Sikar to Salasar Balaji Road at a distance of about 20 km in west direction of Sikar city.
Sooranad North and Sooranad South are collectively known as Sooranad and have their own local panchayats.
Kosigi village has 23126 people according to the census 2011.
It is located on the north bank of the Cornwallis River.
It is located at the entrance to two undersea tunnels.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It had a population of around 50 in 2004.
It is located in Kankipadu mandal of Nuzvid revenue division.
Martinsburg is a village in Dixon County, Nebraska, United States.
In 1997 Wouw was merged into the municipality of Roosendaal en Nispen, the resulting enlarged municipality becoming known simply as Roosendaal.
It is a part of the municipality of Neder-Betuwe, and lies about 8 km east of Tiel.
The Village is situated right on the National Highway 65, at a distance of about 18 km from Churu, the district headquarter.
Sandane Airport, Anda is located 10 kilometres northwest of Sandane along highway E39.
Hopkins Village is a coastal village in eastern Belize.
Chakra nadi is running along the village.
The village of Elsfjord is located at the end of the fjord, and it is the location of the local church, Elsfjord Church.
Botnen is a village in Odda municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
The village is known for its two windmills, Jan Pol and De Bente, which are open to the public.
Pennalurpet is a village in India located between Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu border.
Arungundram is a village in Tamil Nadu between Arcot and Kannamangalam.
At which time the plague put the brakes on for a while.
Mashava now also has a sad problem of water.
Taylor is a village in Jackson County, Wisconsin, United States, along the Trempealeau River.
The population was 5,899 at the 2010 census.
Czarnoborsko [t͡ʂarnɔˈbɔrskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Wells College, an institution of higher education for women founded by Henry Wells in 1868, is located in Aurora.
Merenii Noi is a village in the Anenii Noi District of Moldova.
Villages near the town include, Alampur Kot, Udaybhanpur Urf Anandpur, Bari Khera, Tigra Khanpur, Islamnagar Urf Dalippur, and Mauchand Pur
It is part of the present-day municipality of Alstahaug.
Kolbotn finished in third place in the Toppserien league for three seasons 2009-11 while coached by Dan Eggen.
citizens who are known to have migrated from this town or remain in it almost always carry the surname 'Movva'.
The built-up area of the town was 0.76 km², and contained 1600 residences.
Fosser is a village in the municipality of Aurskog-Høland, Norway.
In the early 9th century, a small keep was built on a mound on a peninsula on the Giecz lake; fortified with a stockade and earthworks.
Kozie Doły [ˈkɔʑe ˈdɔwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotla, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
The population was 112 at the 2010 census.
Its economy was traditionally based on agriculture, wine and coal mining.
Islamorada, a "Village of Islands," is an incorporated village in Monroe County, Florida, United States.
The population was 463 at the 2010 census.
Harnam Singh Wala is a village located in the district of Bathinda, in the Indian state of Punjab.
The population was 2,864 at the 2000 census.
The statistical area "Arriën", which also can include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 330.
It lies approximately 8 kilometres east of Pszczyna and 30 km south of the regional capital Katowice.
Its population is 778, all of whom are Bosniaks.
The village is located in the Zadrna valley of the Central Sudetes, within the historic Lower Silesia region.
This gives the village a population density of 1,174 inhabitants per square kilometre.
After completing the elementary school students has to commute to Periya Kolappalur Government Higher Secondary School to continue their studies up to higher secondary level.
Addison is a village located west of the Chicago Metropolitan Area, in DuPage County, Illinois, United States.
The statistical area "Kockengen", which also can include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 2480.
It has this name since it has been the site of Åseral Church for centuries.
As the 20th century approached, “California Grove” was established at what is now the foot of Washington Street.
Other villages near Seengemai include Nagla Nainsukh, Nagla Neewri, Nagla Maharam and Kisraon.
Southern Washingtonville is included in the Salem, OH Micropolitan Statistical Area, while northern Washingtonville is part of the Youngstown-Warren-Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
It lies between two rivers - the Ganges in the East and Yamuna in the West.
Maheswaram is a village in Ranga Reddy district of the Indian state of Telangana.
Rich Veenstra is the Mayor of Addison.
Kalamar is a village in Khotbeh Sara Rural District, Kargan Rud District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.
The municipality lies approximately 16 kilometres north-west of Świdnica, and 61 kilometres south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Blizne [ˈblʲiznɛ] Ukrainian: Близне, Blyzne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasienica Rosielna, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
Langevåg is surrounded by mountains, forests, lakes, and seashore.
Singareni is a village located in Khammam district, Telangana, India.
It is part of the municipality of Ommen, and lies about 18 km south of Hoogeveen.
The area is mainly populated by people who speak the Tamil.
In Lievelde is a more ore less intact sconce, the Engelse schans, which was used during the Siege of Groenlo in 1627.
Gimsøy municipality consisted mainly of the island of Gimsøya as well as part of the larger island of Austvågøya.
A Hospital is located in the village and participates in free health camps in the region by providing doctors to diagnose ailments of participants.
The major occupations are agriculture, trading and self-employment.
One of the main industries is horse-rearing.
It is included in the Sheboygan, Wisconsin Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Jerusalem is 53 km to the east.
Gopalakrishna, Lokanatheshwara, Maraladevi, Shankaranarayan, Shivamunishwara, Ekantheshwara and Shaktharabrahma Temples are found here.
Letters addressed to Gandhi would often get misdirected to Shegaon, a small village of a similar name close by.
The newspaper Sulaposten is published in Langevåg.
The town has a population of 810(2006) and is located between Ballybofey and Lifford.
The Veer Hanuman temple is Thimmanagar's most visited place, and it is related to the Hindu religion.
Soline is a small Croatian village on the island of Dugi otok.
Since 1551, it was a Renaissance complex, used for royal visits.
It is located along the Trondheimsfjord in the southwestern part of the municipality.
The population was 303 at the 2010 census.
The population was 3,245 at the 2010 census.
The population was 143 at the 2010 census.
A country fair is held in the village each August.
Sites of interest in the village include a wooden mosque from the 18th century, a Muslim cemetery and an Eastern Orthodox cemetery with an Orthodox church.
The population density is 1,391 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The Waverly Park neighborhood, near the Hewlett-East Rockaway Jewish Center [1] and along the border with Hewlett, has a sizable Jewish community.
Rice, dal, peanuts and bananas are the main agricultural products.
The built-up area of the village was 0.11 km², and contained 47 residences.
Helena is a village in Sandusky County, Ohio, United States.
Sosnówka [sɔsˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Abramów, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
Hadecha celebrated 100 years of the first Jain Temple in January 2007 completion of .
Located on Chaleur Bay 30 km north of Bathurst, the village's main industry is lobster and scallop fishing, as well as forestry.
Gaupne sits at the southern end of the Jostedalen valley, with the river Jostedøla's mouth located in Gaupne.
Jamestown is a village in Moniteau County, Missouri, United States.
The place called near Mannathara Kanam refers back to the Elakananm existed in the pre-1980s period.
It is situated in the Pećinci municipality, in the Srem District, Vojvodina province.
Chabbewal has also produced many soldiers that have served the Indian Armed Forces.
In Jairajpur Male literacy stands at 83.40% while female literacy rate was 71.91%.
The population of Sagaponack village at the 2010 census was 313.
Roru or Roroo is an ancient village in Laxmangarh tehsil in Sikar district in Rajasthan, India
It incorporates gold leaf in its intricate paintings.
Alpinists train along this path and it is also a nice climb to see the canyon beyond from the top of the rocks.
Just after Vazhikkadavu town the ghat road starts through forests leading to Nadukani in Nilgiris district.
The population was 34 at the 2010 census.
Dankowice [dankɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilamowice, within Bielsko County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
Manorcunningham, or Manor is a small village and townland in County Donegal, Ireland.
The first Prime Minister of India Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru also visited the village.
Catawba  is a village in Clark County, Ohio, United States.
It is situated near the border with Romania.
Cratloe is a village in County Clare, Ireland, situated between Limerick and Shannon in the mid-west of Ireland.
Dousman is a village in Waukesha County, Wisconsin, United States.
The village is connected to Francistown to the south by an 80 kilometres road surfaced in bitumen that was completed by Sinohydro Corporation in 2012.
The 0.42-square-kilometre village has a population of 291.
The Village of Clyde is in the town of Town of Galen and is northeast of Geneva, New York.
The major community in this village is Marathas.
Janówek [jaˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów Sudecki, within Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
The Rio Grande Bosque on the eastern edge of the village provides refuge for native animals and plants.
Kilcrohane is a village in County Cork, Ireland.
Surhuisterveen is one of the 12 villages of the municipality of Achtkarspelen, in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.
Strasburg is the location of the Lynn Auto Theatre and Strasburg-Franklin High School.
Ban Grong Greng is a rural village in the north-west portion of the Nakhon Pa Mak subdistrict of Bang Krathum District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.
Cissna Park is a village in Pigeon Grove Township, Iroquois County, Illinois, United States.
In 1566, the Land of Mielnik was established.
Total population of around 10,000 people in the community, most of them in Ytre Enebakk and Flateby.
Sebi is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Zienki [ˈʑeŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnowica, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
It is located about 32 km east of Harare.
The population of the village was 5,864 at the 2010 census.
Leasburg is a village in Crawford County, Missouri, United States.
Mifflin is a village in Ashland County, Ohio, United States.
The village is renowned for the quality and architectural variety of its housing stock, as well as its proximity to numerous country clubs.
Pettigo is a small village on the border of County Donegal, Republic of Ireland and County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland.
It is the mandal headquarters of Yadiki mandal in Anantapur revenue division.
Pillapalu is a village in Anija Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.
Barker is within the Town of Somerset and was incorporated in 1908.
Coffee plantations in Minimuluru circle are very famous.
Kibbutz Yehiam was established in the area in 1946.
The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority and its population numbering 1,868 people.
Puthuvely is a small village in Kottayam district of Kerala state, south India.
The statistical area "Annerveenschekanaal", which can also include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 420.
Telavåg or Tælavåg is a village in Sund municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
Following World War II the native German populace was expelled and replaced by Poles.
Despite the line's closure, Waitahuna's goods shed, station building, and even men's toilets still stand at the site of the former railway yard.
Hampton is a village in Hamilton County, in the state Nebraska in the Midwestern United States.
Soundane is a small village located in western Maharashtra in India.
Kuzhuppilly is a suburb of Cochin city and a village in Vypin Island, Ernakulam district of Kerala, India.
Yadiki is a village in Anantapur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The population was 344 at the 2010 census.
Acharya Narendra Deo Vidya Mandir is the high school situated in Bhoo.
It is famous for sound quality of burnt clay bricks near around here.
It is situated in the center of the province of Flevoland, about 13 km north of the city of Harderwijk.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1,482 people.
Since 1996, the Kativik Regional Police Force provides police services for the village.
Tularosa is a village in Otero County, New Mexico, United States.
Rudawka [ruˈdafka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bircza, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
The population was 124 at the 2010 census.
It lies on the Soodla River, just east of its confluence to the Jägala River.
The population was 2,976 at the 2000 census, and 3,061 in 2009.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Rossburg is a village in Darke County, Ohio, United States.
The population of the village is around 5000.
Marianówka [marjaˈnufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Kłoda, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
It is the county seat of Frontier County.
The village is native place of Kadandale Krishna Bhat of Hotel Woodlands fame.
The statistical area "Stein", which can also include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 1060.
Mielno [ˈmjɛlnɔ] is a coastal town in Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
The population of Pachpaika is mainly dependent upon agriculture to survive.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
At the 2006 census, its population was 132, in 27 families.
It is located in Sattenapalle mandal of Guntur revenue division.
River Nagavali meets the Bay of Bengal near the village Kallepalli.
Herkingen was a separate municipality between 1817 and 1966, when it merged with Dirksland.
It is located 14 km to the south of Fethiye, near Mount Babadağ.
Khingini, tervan, Kotapur, Pendhakahale are smaller villages around Bhoo.
Chakkarakadavu is a small village to the east of the town of Cherai, on Vypin Island in Ernakulam district, Kerala, India.
At the 2006 census, its population was 458, in 113 families.
The population was 1,442 at the 2010 census.
Ashford, historically known as Ballymacahara, is a village in County Wicklow, Ireland.
In 1554, a bridge over the Bug river was destroyed, and a new one was built in Turna.
'Prnjavor' therefore translates into place of peasants.
It lies on the R698 regional road, which was the N24 national primary road before the locality was bypassed in 2002.
Bjerka is a village in the municipality of Hemnes in Nordland county, Norway.
Čavoglave is also the birthplace of Marko Perković, the band's leader, songwriter and vocalist.
In 2005 the village has a population of 170.
Biscayne Park was developed in the 1920s by Arthur Griffing.
The village has a population of 450.
There is a railway station at Narayanappavalasa on the Bobbili-Salur branch railway line.
It is a part of the municipality of Oudewater, and lies about 3 km northwest of the city of Oudewater.
Jamkaran is a village in Qanavat Rural District, in the Central District of Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.
The Clearwater River is also a Canadian Heritage River.
Wykroty [vɨˈkrɔtɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogrodziec, within Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
The church in Hósvík dates from 1929.
The population was 1,288 at the 2010 census.
Aloor is a panchayath in Chalakudy-Mukundapuram taluks in Thrissur district in Kerala, India.
There are two mountain dairy farms in Kandal: Myklandsstøylen and Nesstøylen.
Eraviputhenthurai is a village on the coast of the Arabian Sea, in Thoothoor Village Panchayat, Vilavancode Taluk, Kanyakumari District, Tamil Nadu, India.
Rudniki [rudˈniki] is a village in Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
The headquarters of the Gaeltacht Authority, Údarás na Gaeltachta, is located in Furbo.
Konaje is a lush green village in Mangalore Taluk.
The village of Førre lies about 3 kilometres to the west of Aksdal and the village of Grinde lies about 1.5 kilometres to the east.
It is adjacent to the suburbs Paradise Valley and Scottsdale and sits between Piestewa Peak and Camelback Mountain.
It lies approximately 4 kilometres east of Stara Kamienica, 9 km west of Jelenia Góra, and 103 km west of the regional capital Wrocław.
It has a population of under 3000.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
The village traces it history to Christmemel, a fortress built by the Teutonic Knights on a nearby hill fort in 1313.
Kiltale is a small rural community district in County Meath, Ireland with a population of approx.
The park also has monuments to Romantic poet Adam Mickiewicz, medieval ruler Vytautas the Great, Saint Mary.
As of the 2010 census, the village population was 418.
Waldo is a village in Sheboygan County, Wisconsin, United States, along the Onion River.
Neosho is a village in Dodge County, Wisconsin, United States.
the Shiva temple, the mariamman temple, and the ayyanar temple.
The village church, Saint Ann's Roman Catholic was built in 1832.
It is located entirely within the town of Bennington.
The Khudimari river flows right through the village.
The population was 128 at the 2010 census.
Dobrzejowice [dɔbʐɛjɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowice, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Gilgenburg was heavily damaged during World War II.
It is located on SH 41 towards Koothattukulam, the alternate route for Main Central Road.
Båsmoen is a small village located in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county, Norway.
It is located in the municipality of Apeldoorn on the edge of the Veluwe.
The village has a population of 1,000.
Courtown is home to 'The Dinky Take-Away', serving the "best chips in Ireland", as voted on Marty Whelan's morning show on the 2FM radio station.
Galiveedu is a village in Kadapa district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
as landmark & also a Chanda G.S.F.P primary school.
The guru and Member of Parliament, Satpal Maharaj, has set up a small Dharamshala very close to the temple.
During the combining of the four municipalities they were called 'de LEUK gemeenten'.
Basically, there are four seasons in the year.
Kohler is a village in Sheboygan County, Wisconsin, United States, along the Sheboygan River.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and a total population of 3,308 people.
It is the mandal headquarters of Gurramkonda mandal.
The town was founded in 1909 around the train station named after Louis Botha.
New Weston is home to the Eldora Speedway, a half-mile clay oval race track.
Sprague is a village in Lancaster County, Nebraska, United States.
K. R. Narayanan, the tenth President of India, was born and grew up in the neighboring village of Uzhavoor.
For gifts given by Muslims on the day of Eid, see Eidi.
Quincy is a village in Logan County, Ohio, United States.
Depil is a village in the Faroe Islands.
For more on the history of the multi-ethnic historical area, see Złotów County.
This section of Burnham ends at Brainard Avenue, where the Hegewisch neighborhood of Chicago lies on the other side.
Pattiseema is a village in Polavaram mandal of West Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Though settled as early as the 19th century, it was incorporated as a village in 1964, and amalgamated with the Municipality of McCreary in 2015.
The population was 2,687 at the 2010 census.
It lies approximately 6 kilometres west of Dębowa Kłoda, 6 km south-east of Parczew, and 47 km north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
In response to Nikbanou's pleadings, the mountain miraculously opened up and sheltered her from the invaders.
Granville is a village in Licking County, Ohio, United States.
Rudno [ˈrudnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milanów, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The population was 1,896 at the 2010 census.
Wolica [vɔˈlit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasło, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
Prior to 1964, the Kongsmoen area was part of the municipality of Foldereid.
Calumet Park is a village in Cook County, Illinois.
From this, he predicted temperature, extreme heat/cold periods, snow/rainfall and drought up to eight months in advance.
Kvernes is a village in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
The statistical area "Gouwe", which also can include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 210.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
There is a railway station in Kantakapalli in Waltair division of East Coast Railway, Indian Railways.
Today, Ainsworth Hot Springs and the Cody Caves are a popular destination for tourists and spelunkers.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 2,044.
Juhan Smuul's museum was in Koguva from 1970's and has been converted to Muhu Museum in the 1990s.
It lies approximately 5 km north of Wąsosz, 14 km south-east of Góra, and 57 km north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
It is an education hub for surrounding several small villages with Zilla Parshath High school.
The population was 577 at the 2010 census.
It is also the site of one of the most important battles in 17th century Ireland, the Battle of Dungan's Hill.
It has a public water-supply system and sewage system connected to sewage disposal plant.
Sahar Village lies in the Andheri suburb of Mumbai.
The Village of West Carthage is in the Town of Champion.
The British built the existing 0.5 milescauseway to County Galway to service their troops in the Martello Tower constructed on the island after 1811.
The 0.61-square-kilometre village has a population of 475.
The village is named after William Constable, the son of an early landowner.
Its closest towns are Korutla and Jagityal.
It is Located at a distance of .
The historian I. K. Sarma however assigns an earlier date of 8th century, based on traces of early Pallava-Pandya and Chalukya-Pallava influences.
Chemrey is a village in the Leh district of Jammu and Kashmir, India.
The population was 427 at the 2010 census.
At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
It is a community of 1,153 people.
Diraz is a village on the northwest coast of Bahrain.
Chevitikallu is a village in Midthur mandal, located in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Harsawa is a village located in the Sikar district of Shekhawati region, in Rajasthan state, India.
A Community and Activity Centre opened on May 17, 2014.
Brskovo encompasses the whole complex of smaller localities, today overgrown with dense wood and weeds, between the Rudnica and Bjelojevići, the tributaries of the Tara River.
It is a capital of a gmina in the powiat of Lipsko, on the Iłżanka River, near Radom.
Its highest point is at a height of about 300 metres, making Glencullen one of the highest villages in Ireland.
Nyksund is a coastal fishing village on the northern part of the island of Langøya in the Vesterålen archipelago.
Any change in the fortunes of the sugar industry has an immediate and dramatic effect.
The church, which is made of stone, was built in 1920.
The mouses on the western edge of the village are part of the municipality of Pekela.
The town was established in 1256, and has a population of 964.
It belongs to the Vidarbha region of Amravati Division.
In 1808 the village was bought by Franciszek Obniski, who equipped the interior of the church.
It is located at the end of Highway 155 on the eastern shore of Lac La Loche in Canada's boreal forest.
The population density of the village is 886 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Janíky is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.
It is about 11 km from Kottayam.
It is near the community of Pokeshaw.
The 0.42-square-kilometre village has a population of 629.
Řeka  is a village in Frýdek-Místek District, Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic.
Bangaru Tirupati was modelled after the famous Venkateswara temple of Tirupati in Andhra Pradesh.
On November 18, 1942, German occupiers murdered 45 people at local town square, as a reprisal for attack on a German patrol.
The village of Å is located on the southern part of the island of Senja.
Dambal is at an elevation of 590 m.
Nordbygdi is a village in the municipality of Bykle in Aust-Agder county, Norway.
Lynch is located in northern Nebraska, between the Missouri and Niobrara rivers.
Spencer's Island became an important shipbuilding centre during the latter days of the Age of Sail.
The village is also home to the Mauritius Broadcasting Corporation and the Mahatma Gandhi Institute.
For the massacre itself, see Ponary massacre.
Historically Bamandongari is a village of fishermen and farmers.
Leesburg was laid out in 1802, and named after Leesburg, Virginia.
Tabayama is a village located in Kitatsuru District, Yamanashi Prefecture, Japan.
Kyzyl-Suu is named for the "Kyzyl-Suu" river that runs through it.
Vilsteren is a village in the municipality of Ommen in the Dutch province of Overijssel.
Gostinica is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia.
Tightwad is a village in Henry County, Missouri, United States.
Caraz is a town in the Caraz District in the southeastern part of Huaylas Province of the Ancash Region in Peru.
Adams is a village in Gage County, Nebraska, United States.
It is located between Langørjan and Ringvål.
Millington is a village in Tuscola County, Michigan, United States.
Villoonni is a village 5 miles from Kottayam, Kerala, India.
Its population at the time of the 2006 census was 138, a decline of 38% from the 2001 census.
Forestville receives city water from nearby Harbor Beach.
Khandip is located along the main railway line from Delhi to Mumbai, accessed via Kota on the rail path from New Delhi.
Compared to the city of Wilmington to the north, the village of Bald Head Island is small and somewhat remote.
Kantens was a separate municipality until 1990, when it became a part of Hefshuizen.
The place located on the banks of the Zuari River was earlier known as Kushastali.
Mukteswaram is a village in Konaseema Delta of East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh, India.
The former municipality of Åsskard included the area around the Åsskardfjorden, north of the Hamnesfjorden, and east of the Trongfjorden.
Mallapuzhassery village extends from the starting point of Aranmula Vallam Kali to its finishing point.
Ursem was a separate municipality until 1979, when the new municipality of Wester-Koggenland was created.
Dalen is also home to Plopsa Indoor.
He was born in Strachocina in 1591.
Føresvik is the administrative centre of Bokn municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Near it one can find a monument of the Saint Andrew, 600-year-old oaks, a St. Maximilian cloister for Nuns, and a new-built pilgrim's hostel.
Talui is about 120 km from the state capital Imphal.
Puttaparthi is a town in Anantapur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Buildings of interest include St. Catherine's church, built 1791–1792 and extended in 1873.
Oldehove was a separate municipality until 1990, when it was merged with Zuidhorn.
Bonduel is a village in Shawano County, Wisconsin, United States.
The geographical advantage of this village is, in a radius of 25 to 30 kilometers, there are five municipalities and one city corporation.
Today, Thadiya a multicultural village with Tharu, Bahun, Chhetri, Rai and many other races living together.
Its name, in Spanish, means "Plant Below".
This is one of the few places where this flower is found in lowland Poland.
Tienhoven was a separate municipality until 1957, when it was merged with Maarssen.
The main intersection is dominated by Saint Thomas Moore Roman Catholic Church and the Howe Convenient Market.
The statistical district "Burgervlotbrug" has a population of around 160.
Franklin is a village in Southfield Township, Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Pudiyankam, or Puthiyankamis a village in Alathur Taluk, located in the Palakkad district of the southern Indian state of Kerala.
The town is reached by travelling about five kilometres north off the N69 National Route that runs west from the city.
There are about 160 small farms and houses, a small Roman Catholic church, fire brigade, elementary school, post office and two shops.
Hardbakke is the administrative centre of the municipality of Solund in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
The statistical area "Ellersinghuizen", which also can include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 90.
The beach in Kilcoole is the summertime home of the little tern, one of the few places in Ireland where these birds nest.
The village is called the "Green Village" because of the excellence of its green palms and a relatively good place for farming.
The strawberry season runs from July to August.
Waterville is a Canadian community in Kings County, Nova Scotia.
The stone church in the village is from 1856.
The village can be accessed from Tiruvannamalai by taking town buses 50 and 51.
The population was 356 at the 2010 census.
It is located in the northern Himalayan ranges at an altitude of 3049 meters in Uttarakhand state of India.
It is 77 km to the north of the State Capital, Thiruvananthapuram, and 28 km to the east of District Capital, Kollam.
It is located on Highway 602, approximately 160 km east of Red Deer.
The population was 779 at the 2010 census.
The pass to the south of the peak became known as Magdalena Gap, and when a town grew up it received the same name.
The Norwegian National Road 70 runs through Ålvund on its way from Sunndalsøra north to Tingvoll and the town of Kristiansund.
Congress was originally called Waynesburg, and under the latter name was laid out in 1827.
The Roscommon post office first opened January 9, 1873.
Banakal lies on the banks of the Hemavati River.
345, in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
Saltdal Church is located in this village.
It is mainly surrounded by agricultural fields, with other nearby villages including Krištanovec and Sivica.
Gošić is a hamlet in the municipality of Kistanje, in the Bukovica region of Croatia.
Belle Valley is a village in Noble County, Ohio, United States.
It lies approximately 4 km south of Jerzmanowa, 11 km south of Głogów, and 85 km north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
It is located in Khajipet Sunkesula mandal of Kadapa revenue division.
Wanneperveen is a village in the Dutch province of Overijssel.
Alteveer was founded along the Alteveer canal, which runs north from Stadskanaal.
The population was 132 at the 2010 census.
The village is ethnically mixed and its population numbering 5,445 people.
Founded in 1912, the village of Vanguard, Saskatchewan is located in the southwest corner of Saskatchewan on Highway 43 close to Notekeu Creek.
It lies approximately 5 kilometres south of Niegowa, 12 km east of Myszków, and 53 km north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
Nandipet is around 25 km from Nizamabad.
Bayt Naqquba was a Palestinian village in British Mandate Palestine, located 9.5 kilometers west of Jerusalem, near Abu Ghosh.
Mali Iđoš is a village and municipality located in the North Bačka District of the autonomous province Vojvodina, Serbia.
Muthappan Kavu, also known as Muthappan Malais a village situated in Memunda, 5 km from Vatakara town in Kozhikode district of Kerala state, India.
It is part of the South Bend–Mishawaka, IN-MI, Metropolitan Statistical Area.
As of 2006, this rural gmina has 4,129 inhabitants, of whom about 1,400 live in the village of Kotla.
Antwerp is home of the Antwerp Archers.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany.
It is one of the legislative assemblies of Tamil Nadu.
Nattuchalai is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India.
The population density of the village area is 996 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Mutharasanallur is a main agricultural village with enough water source from the River Cauvery.
The population was 47 at the 2010 census.
It lies approximately 13 kilometres south of Krasnystaw and 59 km south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
It is a part of the municipality of Vlagtwedde, and lies about 31 km north of Emmen.
A newer Ask Church was built in the centre of Ask in 1741.
Hoytville is a village in Wood County, Ohio, United States.
The center of the town was called the Terp.
Most of the inhabitants of the village are ethnic Serbs.
There is a legend that Avvaiyar had arranged for a marriage, to which she invited the sovereigns of the Chera, Chola and Pandya kingdoms.
The Polish footballer Jakub Błaszczykowski was born in Truskolasy in 1985.
North Robinson is a village in Crawford County, Ohio, United States.
Village was mentioned first time under the Swedish power.
The population was 103 at the 2010 census.
Here both the rivers Kothai and Pahrali get unified to flow southwest towards the Arabian Sea.
Marwayne is a village in central Alberta, Canada.
It is a lively Gaeltacht community, where the Irish language is the main language of the area.
The population was 1,478 at the 2010 census.
Among the notable tourist attractions of the area is a baroque-classicist church from 1645.
It is located near the Sector 70, Mohali.
It is on Nova Scotia Trunk 6 and the designated tourist route, the Sunrise Trail.
The village has a population of 500.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany and after the Potsdam Agreement the ethnic German population was expelled and their property confiscated..
The village is located along the inner part of the Boknafjorden, near the mouths of the Sandsfjorden and Erfjorden.
The village of Reykjahlíð has approximately 300 inhabitants and is situated on the shores of Lake Mývatn in the north of Iceland.
The built-up area of the village was 0.42 km², and contained 1125 residences.
Keremeos  is a village in the Southern Interior of British Columbia, Canada.
The village has a Slovak ethnic majority and its population numbering 266 people.
The survivors fled with thousands of other inland inhabitants over the Marowijne River to neighboring French Guiana.
According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, al-Qassabin had a population of 780 in the 2004 census.
Village has the Holy Mary of Czestochowa baroque church raised in 1789.
The population was 575 at the 2010 census.
It lies approximately 5 kilometres south-west of Parczew and 44 km north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village of Osterville is located on the south side of Barnstable on Nantucket Sound.
Dandi is a village in the Jalalpore district, Gujarat, India.
The village is located along the Beiar River, about 5 kilometres south of the river's mouth at Beiar Fjord.
It lies approximately 8 km north-west of Jawor, and 66 km west of the regional capital Wrocław.
which usually attracts thousands of the Masubia ethnic group from all over the Country.
Wapno is Polish for Lime and reflects the large gypsum and lime deposits in the area.
Brekkestø is often cited as an “idyllic pearl” of Southern Norway.
More Visitors from the farm to work in a neighboring village.Here is a school for childrean to Read.
Harrison is a village in Sioux County, Nebraska, United States.
It boasts of some of the best Prawn hatcheries and Salt Pans in Tamil Nadu.
It is located in Chatrai mandal of Nuzvid revenue division.
It lies approximately 4 kilometres south-west of Niechlów, 16 km west of Góra, and 78 km north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Also, Neeranjanda swamiji has built Belludi Kaginele shakha mutt in HARIHAR taluka, Davanagere district to help poor people from HARIHAR and around this taluka regions.
The 1.76-square-kilometre village has a population of 2,949.
Baligród [baˈlʲiɡrut] is a village in Lesko County, in the Subcarpathian Voivodeship of south-eastern Poland.
According to the 2011 Census, the population of the village is about 4500.
It lies approximately 3 kilometres south-west of Łagiewniki, 20 km east of Dzierżoniów, and 42 km south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Even though Zwardoń lies in Silesian Voivodeship, it historically belongs to Lesser Poland.
Devala is a town in the Nilgiris district of Tamil Nadu.
Holloway is a village in Belmont County, Ohio, United States.
Kukkuthakatte is a place located about 5 km from the city of Manipal in the state of Karnataka, India.
Former German President Horst Köhler was born in the village during the occupation.
The Kasfjordvannet lake is located along the east side of the village.
To get higher education after that, one has to go to nearby village of Pansar or Vadu or city of Kalol or Ahmedabad.
The village has an approximate population of 640.
Wierzchowiny [vjɛʂxɔˈvinɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemień, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
Mount Victory is a village in Hardin County, Ohio, United States.
In 2011 it had a population of 765.
The nearest communities are Steinbach, St. Malo, Morris and Niverville.
Having a population of 2000, Chondimukhed is facing all the problems that an exclave has.
Tessalit is a rural commune and village in the Kidal Region of Mali.
Kaczyce [kaˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pęcław, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Starlight is a village in Buckingham Township, Wayne County, Pennsylvania.
It is situated in the autonomous province of Vojvodina.
Barker is a village in Niagara County, New York, USA.
Tugili is a village in the Thanjavur District of Tamil Nadu, India.
Abruka can be reached by postboat Heili from Roomassaare harbour in Kuressaare.
The population was measured at 21,523 in the 2000 census.
It is a part of the municipality of Stichtse Vecht, and lies about 7 km north of Utrecht.
Clarksburg is a village in Ross County, Ohio, United States.
Average Sex Ratio of Mullipallam village is 990 which is lower than Tamil Nadu state average of 996.
The Lucknow Golf Club acknowledged Martin Purwa's contribution to the game by opening up a school for the village children in 1998.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 598 people.
Ventrapragada is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Shillelagh is a village in County Wicklow, Ireland.
Formally a part of Masovia, it was incorporated into Poland in 1526.
It is situated in the Vrbas municipality, in the South Bačka District, Vojvodina province.
Clonygowan is a village in County Offaly, Ireland, on the R420 regional road between Tullamore to Portarlington road.
It is located near the banks of the river Thirumalairajan and Mudikonndan in India.
The church in Ballyboy was originally a Catholic Church but was later dedicated as a Church of Ireland.
Signposted is the stone circle to be found to the east of the village at a distance of about 1 mile, off the old Kenmare road.
Sommelsdijk is a village on the island of Goeree-Overflakkee, South Holland, the Netherlands, and part of the municipality of the same name.
Castillo main local crafts are pottery and ceramics.
Å is a village in the municipality of Meldal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
Since the introduction of large-scale irrigation from 2010, many farms are converting to beef cattle.
No new graves could be dug there, because of the expanding airport Schiphol.
The main attraction of Kigga is Sri Rishya Shringeshwara temple.
Software Majors Infosys Technologies has a software development center in Konaje.
Piprahwa is a village near Birdpur in Siddharthnagar district of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
About 1 mile north east lie the remains of another stone circle.
It is the mandal headquarters of Ardhaveedu mandalin Markapur revenue division.
Benton is a village in Lafayette County, Wisconsin, United States.
This temple is more than 1100 years old.
It is divided into two parts: Aryad North and Aryad South.
Munster, Ontario is a large village situated south-west of Stittsville, west of Richmond and north of North Gower.
Mancelona  is a village in Antrim County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
The village also has a shop and pub.
Stamford is a village in Harlan County, Nebraska, United States.
The village has fertile paddy fields, sugar cane and coconut plantations.
Nowa [ˈnɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec, within Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Bellville is a village in Richland County in the U.S. state of Ohio.
The population was 526 according to the 2010 U.S. census.
The Goddess is one of the family deity of the Chirakkal Royal family, and the temple is known for the Koyikalasham.
Kilsund is a village in the municipality of Arendal in Aust-Agder county, Norway.
Emphasis on historical reconstruction has made it into a popular tourist center with unique attractions.
The population was 389 at the 2010 Census.
It is only a few kilometers away from the border with Croatia on the road from the Adriatic coast to Popovo polje.
The built-up area of the town was 0.059 km², and contained 78 residences.
Milford is a village in Barton County, Missouri, United States.
Oconto is a village in Custer County, Nebraska, United States.
In fact,it is a cute tea garden inhabited by lovely and helpful nepali people.
It is located on Tahiti-Iti close to the Plateau of Taravao, which connects Tahiti-Nui to Tahiti-Iti.
It lies on the north coast of Amsterdam Island and houses about 20 scientists and staff.
The closest centres of population to Rathgormack are the County Tipperary towns of Carrick-on-Suir and Clonmel.
Słupice [swuˈpit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagiewniki, within Dzierżoniów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
The city of Ruidoso Downs and the unincorporated area of Alto are suburbs of Ruidoso, and contribute to the Ruidoso Micropolitan Statistical Area's population of 21,223.
It was first mentioned in written sources from 1247 and is a typical example of a compact Alpine village.
Nagampeta is a village in the Jammikunta mandal, Karimnagar district, Telangana, India.
Thompsonville is one of the thirteen villages of Newton, Massachusetts.
It lies on the Utrata River, some 8 kilometres northeast of Sochaczew and 46 km west of Warsaw.
Jankowice [jankɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczyna, within Pszczyna County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
It lies approximately 10 kilometres east of Parczew and 56 km north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
It is an area with fertile soils hence there is high farming activity.According to the 1982 Population Census, the village had a population of 4,617.
It comes under Chalakudy lok sabha constituency & Kunnathunadu assembly constituency.
Antioch is a village in Monroe County, Ohio, United States.
The 0.59-square-kilometre village has a population of 514, giving the village a population density of 871 inhabitants per square kilometre.
In 2006 the village had a population of 3,200.
Tewar, is a village in the Mohali District of the state of Punjab, India.
The village of Husøy lies about 4 kilometres across the fjord within sight of Fjordgård.
For the neighbourhood of Poznań, see Poznań-Grunwald.
It contains a tirtha identified as having national importance.
The village situated midway between Degana railway station and Parbatsar towns.
Renowned as one of Ireland's prettiest towns, Adare is designated as a heritage town by the Irish government.
Vandalia is a village in Penn Township, Cass County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Recently it changed its name into "Sammakka saralamma Tadvai" .
Fiksdal Church is located in this village.
Langfjordhamn is a village in the municipality of Loppa in Finnmark county, Norway.
Hoogezand is a village in the municipality Hoogezand-Sappemeer, located in the principality Groningen in northeast Netherlands.
It is located in the barony of Ormond Lower and is part of the parish of Puckane in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Killaloe.
There is Milma and Malanadu Society for collecting milk from farmers.
It is situated below the main watershed at the foot of the Carpathian Mountains, and has an elevation of 250 metres.
It was also a boon because it was far from the contested areas of Vijaynagar and Penukonda.
Gokavaram is a village in East Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Harpel is a village in the Dutch province of Groningen.
It lies approximately 3 kilometres north-west of Błonie, 15 km west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and 29 km west of Warsaw.
Ardsley is a village in Westchester County, New York, United States.
It is located in Narangi Jiwnath Panchayat of the Saraiya block, within Muzaffarpur district, Bihar state, India.
Arriërveld is a village in the Dutch province of Overijssel.
Stamsø is a place in Norway located close to Søndeled in Risør, Aust-Agder.
Vellavu is a place in the Pariyaram gram panchayat of the Kannur District, state of Kerala, India.
It borders the smaller village of Nelsonville and Garrison.
Of these, Ouderkerk aan den IJssel is the largest population centre and the location of the town hall.
Bernartice nad Odrou is a village in Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
Corning is a village in Holt County, Missouri, United States.
The village was the administrative centre of the old municipality of Jelsa which existed from 1838 until 1965.
Although the village is geographically located in Syrmia, it is part of the South Bačka District.
The population was 57 at the 2010 census.
The European route E16 highway and the Bergensbanen railway line both run through the village.
It has been home to a number of notable individuals from Goa, and is known for its bananas.
The village name is derived from the name of the Dutch statesman Johan van Oldenbarnevelt.
Kangalancherry is at the confluence of the Nagoor-Kumbakonam highway and Thiruvarur -Mayiladuthurai highway.
Byrknes is a fishing village in the municipality of Gulen in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
The population of the area is around 1200.
and appointed an employee named Raman who stays in Poongulam itself.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1,374 people.
It lies approximately 4 kilometres south of Jawor and 63 km west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The statistical area "Agodorp", which also can include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 580.
The newspaper Hordaland Folkeblad is published in Norheimsund.
The village has an approximate population of 948.
The village has a population of 200.
with about half of its acreage devoted to open space, which includes the 900 acres of the Middle Patuxent Environmental Area.
It is a part of the municipality of Zaltbommel, and lies about 11 km northwest of 's-Hertogenbosch.
Village residents voted on January 17, 2017 to not dissolve the Village of Depew into the Towns of Lancaster and Cheektowaga, by a margin of 3,006-1,165.
Ebenezer is a Canadian village in the province of Saskatchewan, with an estimated population in 2006 of 139.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany and until then the official German place name was Looswitz.
In Karasicy is a club for children and youth under the cat "
Little Chute is a village in Outagamie County, Wisconsin, United States.
The village has a population of 2,893.
The population was 269 at the 2010 census.
In 1945, the population was 1,640, 1,020 Arab and 620 Jewish.
It is part of the Poughkeepsie–Newburgh–Middletown, NY Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the larger New York–Newark–Bridgeport, NY-NJ-CT-PA Combined Statistical Area.
Hindi writer Jainendra Kumar(1905-1988) was born in Kodiyaganj, Aligarh.
There is a large coconut plantation, where coconuts are used to make Samoan Brand Coconut Cream which is sold worldwide.
The outskirts of the village are lined with designers Kothies built by the NRIs, who have a silent competition to show their worth.
Noordlaren is in the meantime famous in the Netherlands because of the ice rink behind the primary school.
Howe Caverns is 15 miles to the south while The Mohawk River and Erie Canal are only 10 miles to the north.
The Chitrapur Math has many ancient Hindu statues in a museum.
The population was 826 at the 2010 census.
The European route E39 highway runs just east of the village too.
The village has a population of 1,490.
The "Compound Area" comes under different constituency though it is also a part of Chuchuyimlang village, it is also referred to as "Chuchu Town".
Frysztak [ˈfrɨʂtak] is a village in the Gmina Frysztak, Strzyżów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, Poland, 17 km from Krosno.
Wilbur Park is a village in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.
Postal PIN Code of the village is 637210
The population was 423 at the 2010 census.
Ramsin is a village in Jalore District of Rajasthan, India.
It is located in the municipality of Dongeradeel, Friesland, east of Dokkum.
Munish Kumar Raizada, a Neonatologist is also from the village and his ancestors were the founder of the village.
The island is known for its long beaches and many resort hotels.
It is part of the Scottsbluff, Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area.
It is situated in the extreme end of a Himalayan ridge.
The village has a population of 2,800.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and a population numbering 6,239 people.
The Harris-Temple family lived in Waterstown House which was built in the 1740s.
The Hussite tradition is also reflected on the coat of arms, which shows the characteristic Hussite chalice.
It is the mandal headquarters of Nagayalanka mandal in Machilipatnam revenue division.
Monticello is a village in Green County, Wisconsin, United States.
Work Profile In Mullipallam village out of total population, 3939 were engaged in work activities.
It is one of the major gram panchayats in Kollapur constituency.
In 1975–1998 it belonged to Wałbrzych Voivodeship.
It lies approximately 10 kilometres east of Dębowa Kłoda, 20 km east of Parczew, and 59 km north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
Boolavogue, also spelt Boolavoge or Boleyvogue, is a village 12 km northeast of Enniscorthy in County Wexford, Ireland.
Harischandrapuram railway station is in Chennai-Howrah mainline of East Coast Railway, Indian Railways.
It is located 5 km from Beas.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Leetonia is a village in Salem Township, Columbiana County, Ohio, United States.
Connemara market is situated at Palayam junction in Thiruvananthapuram city, in the state of Kerala, India.
It is about 15 kilometres southeast of the village of Haltdalen.
It is a part of Andhra Pradesh Capital Region.
There are no road connections to the rest of Norway, so the village is only accessible by boat.
Due to lack of sun light, many labors fell in ill and died.
It lies to the east of Budaiya, west of Barbar and north of Bani Jamra.
The population was 1,155 at the 2010 census.
Gaiki [ˈɡai̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jerzmanowa, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Peddathippasamudram is a village in Chittoor district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Mundlamuru is a village in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
This village is also having a Gaushala Named Shiv Mohan Gaushala with 1000+ cows living at here.
Geneva-on-the-Lake is a village in Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States.
North Hatley was also the location for the shooting of a few films, including Secret Window with Johnny Depp,.
Tembhu is a small village situated on the eastern bank of the River Krishna, near Karad, in the Satara District of Maharashtra, India.
It had a population of 628 as of the 2006 census.
Bridgeview is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States.
The population was 527 in the 2011 CSO census compared to 427 in 2006.
Vaiusu is a small village on the Samoan island of Upolu.
The population was 450 at the 2010 census.
Las Navas de la Concepción is a village located in the province of Seville, Spain.
Antroli is a mid-size village in Kheda district in Central Gujarat with a population of approximately 15,000.
The Village of Jeffersonville is in the southeast part of the Town of Callicoon on NY 52.
Ålfoten is a village in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
The municipality also covered Banholt and Terhorst.
The eighth of Columbia's ten villages to be developed, Kings Contrivance is Columbia's southernmost village.
It lies approximately 11 km south-east of Bolesławiec, and 99 km west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The Tinker family built several stunning homes throughout Poquott.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
The village is located along the Orkla River between the villages of Svorkmo and Fannrem.
The village has a population of 254.
The population was 227 at the 2010 census.
It is part of the Battle Creek, Michigan Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Yerradoddipalli is a small village in Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh state in India.
The Baikampadi industrial estate has many electrical, engineering, leaf spring, hollow blocks and pharmaceutical industries.
It is located in Regidi Amadalavalasa mandal of Palakonda revenue division.
Claycomo is a village in Clay County, Missouri, United States.
Heavily populated by the Orthodox Christian inhabitants before the war, Jezera's demographic structure drastically changed during and following the war.
The village has a population of 2,554.
It is near the town of Mallow.
By 1835, Brentsville had two taverns, 3 stores, a nondenominational church and 19 dwelling houses.
Mala Bosna is a village located in the Subotica municipality, in the North Bačka District of Serbia.
Penuganchiprolu is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
During Morgan's Raid of 1863, Confederate Brigadier General John Hunt Morgan traveled through Richmond on his way to defeat at the Battle of Salineville.
Wajrakarur is a village in Anantapur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Driebergen-Rijsenburg is a town in the municipality Utrechtse Heuvelrug in the central Netherlands, in the province of Utrecht.
It lies along State Route 140, and the population was 866 at the 2010 census.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the village had a population of 2,375 in 2010.
Child Sex Ratio for the Mullipallam as per census is 930, lower than Tamil Nadu average of 943.
Arshinov is a village in the Atyrau Region of western Kazakhstan.
The district surrounding the inner part of the Sjona fjord originally belonged to the municipality of Nesna.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
The village lies in the historical region of Těšín Silesia.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
George Moore, who founded the famous Moore Hall estate at Lough Carra, came from Ashbrook House near Strade.
The population was 220 at the 2010 census.
The village symbol which is found on the flag is a swan, possibly derived from the right of farmers to shoot swans.
Anmore is home to the Buntzen Lake recreation area, which has a popular swimming beach.
Perry has participated in the Tree City USA program since 1988.
Cheruvadi is a village in the Kozhikode district of Kerala.
Of the 321 eligible, 278 cast their votes.
The population was 46 at the 2010 census.
Just to the west of Promnice is a road bridge crossing the Warta river, on the road between Bolechowo and Biedrusko.
Gangstadhaugen or Gangstad is a village in the municipality of Inderøy in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
The resort is in the municipality of Sant Joan de Labritja.
Bru or Ploganes is a village in the municipality of Kvam in Hordaland county, Norway.
Like most villages in Samoa, the geographic boundary of Satapuala covers an area from the coastline and inland.
The Slovenes stayed until World War II, and the Macedonians inhabited the village afterwards and erected an Orthodox community.
The population was 93 at the 2010 census.
The population was 851 at the 2000 census.
It lies approximately 7 kilometres south of Podedwórze, 23 km east of Parczew, and 61 km north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
Lomond was named for Loch Lomond, Scotland.
Electricity, telephones, and piped drinking water are the few developments in last 10–15 years.
It is part of the Sioux City, IA–NE–SD Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The population of the village is 5,488 people, including 5,034 ethnic Serbs.
The population was 104 at the 2010 census.
The population was 10,165 at the 2010 census.
Chief employers include Agrium Liquid Fertilizer, which operates a manufacturing plant, and the Husky Oil Plant.
It was the centre of the Malabar Rebellion of 1921 that shook the British administration in the erstwhile Malabar district of Madras Province.
Arigna is situated in Kilronan Parish alongside the fellow picturesque villages of Keadue and Ballyfarnon.
The population was 285 at the 2010 census.
In 2013, Taos Ski Valley, Inc., was sold by the founding family to billionaire conservationist Louis Bacon.
Chimo is a mispronunciation of the Inuit phrase saimuuq, "Let's shake hands!"
Å is located at the base of the 396-metre tall mountain, Åkollen.
The village includes the Sørvik Barne- og Ungdomsskole school which houses grades 5 through 10, the Sørvik barnehage kindergarten, and the Sørvik eldrehjem retirement home.
Hrísey is a small island off the north coast of Iceland, situated approximately 35 kilometres north of Akureyri, in Eyjafjörður, at 66°00′N 18°23′W.
Bairdstown is a village in Wood County, Ohio, United States.
The Canadian Pacific Railway runs through the village.
The sports activities to come under the purview of the club.
It has beautiful lakes that are full of carp, a very big hunting ground with a lot of wild animals.
Inaccessible by road, Quaqtaq is served by the small Quaqtaq Airport.
The built-up area of the village was 0.35 km², and contained 452 residences.
Deerfield is a village in Dane County, Wisconsin, United States.
Conn Colbert, the youngest man to be executed by the British after the Easter Rising in 1916, was born in the parish of Athea in 1888.
The population was 1,314 at the 2010 census.
Fredericksburg was platted in 1824 by Jacob Frederick, and named for him.
The population density of Hommelvik is 1,682 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The entire municipality has around 2900 residents.
Røstlandet is a fishing village covering the southeastern part of the island.
It is the headquarters of Tanakal mandal in Kadiri revenue division.
The church in Elduvík dates from 1952.
The Japan Atomic Energy Agency along with other organizations currently operate a number of nuclear technology research facilities in the town.
It was formed from portions of Hiram, Nelson, and Freedom townships in the Connecticut Western Reserve.
Nigadoo is a Canadian village in Gloucester County, New Brunswick.
Cedarhurst is a village in Nassau County, on the South Shore of Long Island, New York, in the USA.
Kisač is one of the suburban settlements of the City of Novi Sad in the South Bačka District of Serbia.
The village and surrounding area is home to several hundred people, and one major local industry is a prefabricated house factory.
According to some accounts, Newcomerstown was named after an incident that occurred between a Delaware chief and his wife Mary Harris.
There is a series of bridges that connect Kalvåg to the nearby island of Bremangerlandet.
There are two high schools namely Jiri Higher Secondary School at Hatdanda and Dhungeshwori Secondary School at Jiri Bazaar.
The village was named after Patti, the calf of Kamadhenu, the divine cow in Hindu mythology.
Muriyamangalam is famous for the Narasimha swamy temple.
The population was 838 at the 2010 census.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It is part of the Grand Island, Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Auala is a small village on the northwest coast of Savai'i island in Samoa.
It is perhaps most famous for the nearby Klu-kkhyil gompa.
The commune extends over an area of 30,000 km2 that is almost entirely desert.
The village was named after Dresden in Germany.
In 2001, the village of Renesse had 1137 inhabitants.
Parent is a community in northern Quebec, Canada, located within the City of La Tuque and about 150 kilometres north-west of La Tuque's town centre.
Ljukovo became famous for its "Club of Liar's"(Клуб Лажова),whose president is Mirko Bera.
Jankov Most is a village in Serbia.
The Norwegian County Road 7 passes through the village.
It is the twin parish of Clonea-Power.
It lies in the eastern half of the town of Aurora.
In April 2005, one of its streets was named "Ulica Obi-Wana Kenobiego" after the famous Jedi knight from Star Wars movies.
Vitolište is a village in the Prilep Municipality of Macedonia.
He died during a trip to Sydney in November 2008.
It is named after the wolverine, from which Michigan acquired its unofficial nickname of Wolverine State.
Karlova Studánka lies in the valley of tbe mountain river Opava and is part of a nature reserve Praděd.
Brekkestø is also reached via the waterway known as Blindleia, which passes nearby.
It lies approximately 6 kilometres north-west of Lubartów and 29 km north of the regional capital Lublin.
Chachipunna is a small village in the Kollam district of India's Kerala state with a population of approximately 1000.
It was titled "Antaranga" which means.. beloved in Bengali.
Ogla is a small scenic place in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand state of India in the Didihat tehsil.
The actors were Tapas Pal and shatabdi Roy; today they are the leaders in Trinamool congress.
All the major banks have branches in Karukachal.
The village straddles the N68 Ennis-Kilrush road for some 3.5 km.
Called Operation Nachshon, and launched before the British had left Palestine, its objective was to capture villages between Jerusalem and the coastal plain.
The Saskatchewan border is approximately 60 km to the east.
It is located 11 km north-west of Ballinasloe on the Ahascragh/Bunowen River, a tributary of the River Suck.
It is located in Ibrahimpatnam mandal of Vijayawada revenue division.
It lies directly south of Lensvik along the Trondheimsfjord.
Majdan Kozłowiecki [ˈmai̯dan kɔzwɔˈvjɛt͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village itself is around 1 mile inland from the coast.
The village contains Poland's oldest tree – a 1260-year-old yew, which is listed as a natural monument.
Mainly residential, Fox Point is also home to the RiverPoint Village shopping center at the far northwest end of the village.
Pothugal is a village in Mustabad mandal in Rajanna Sircilla district in the state of Telangana in India.
Siemień [ˈɕɛmjɛɲ] is a village in Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
It lies on the border with the Czech Republic on the important railway line Chałupki - Bohumín.
Veerullapadu is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Vakadu is a village on the bank of Swarnamukhi/Suvarnamukhi and a Mandal in Nellore district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
It is part of the Cleveland Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The church was then re-opened as the Munster branch of the Ottawa Public Library.
The village was named as #78 in CNN Money's "Top 100 Best Places to Live" for small towns in 2009.
They are both located in Wadzanai Township.
Before Palmach and Haganah troops occupied the village during Operation Nachshon on April 11, 1948 approximately 300 Palestinian Arabs lived there.
The population was 2,127 at the 2010 census.
Gjerstad is a village in the municipality of Hadsel in Nordland county, Norway.
The small chapel in Kamienne is very hard to get to.
Eiksund is a village in Ulstein Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
Duggondi is a village and a mandal in Warangal district in the state of Telangana in India.
The Ålfotbreen glacier lies about 10 kilometres to the south of the village.
It lies approximately 13 km south-east of Jelenia Góra, and 89 km west of the regional capital Wrocław.
It also lies between two branches of the Ganges Canal, an old canal of the River Ganges.
It also has a good harbor with a breakwater.
Parwad and Kankumbhi are the hill stations.
The Indre Sula Church is located about 1.5 kilometres east of the village of Mauseidvåg.
It had an estimated population of 2,004 in 2006.
Nauni is a small village on the Solan-Rajgarh Road about 15 km from the town of Solan, Himachal Pradesh, India.
There are industrial establishments operated by BPCL and Tata in the neighbourhood of Mahul.
The population was 881 at the 2010 census.
It was founded by Quakers in the mid-19th century.
Ghantasala is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
It is one of the villages in the mandal to be a part of Andhra Pradesh Capital Region.
Major electoral candidates will never mind how stringent the election commission is.
A shingle-mill owner, Erastus P. Brown, became the first postmaster here on October 14, 1864.
In 2001, the village of Sint Maartensbrug had 322 inhabitants.
The Vypin - Munambam state highway passes through the village.
The population was 599 at the 2010 census.
In 2005 the village had a population of 220.
The village has a lot of educational institutions.
It is located along the Norwegian County Road 82 on the southeastern coast of the island of Andøya, along the Andfjorden.
Until 2001 it was a municipality in its own right but is now part of the Tórshavn Municipality.
Øksfjordbotn is a village in the municipality of Loppa in Finnmark county, Norway.
Fagerstrand has 1977 inhabitants making it the second largest village on Nesodden.
Following the Union of Lublin, Mielnik was annexed by the Kingdom of Poland.
It has a population of approximately 2500 and is located in the Raikot tehsil of district Ludhiana.
Narnaul is approximately 150 km from New Delhi, the capital of India.
Raba Wyżna is a village in Poland, situated in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, Nowy Targ County.
Kharwa Kala is a village in Ratlam District of Madhya Pradesh, India.
The village has a port suited for fishing vessels.
Thawville is a village in Ridgeland Township, Iroquois County, Illinois, United States.
It is one of the villages in the mandal to be a part of Andhra Pradesh Capital Region.
The village population was 7,019 at the 2010 census.
Karlapalem is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Kvithammar is mainly known for the Bioforsk Grassland and Landscape Division which is an agricultural research station in the area.
It is the county seat of Webster County.
Prior to that, Mr. Clarence Louis was appointed by Mr. Edward Oliver LeBlanc to serve as a nominated member of parliament.
As of the 2010 census, the village's population was 105.
It closed down in 1924 but was reopened in 1945 under a new owner.
The population was 860 at the 2010 census.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 410 people.
Early medieval ceramic artefacts have been found there.
Its namesake was Jesup Wakeman, an early settler of Fairfield County, Connecticut, who was involved in western land speculation between 1800 and 1840.
Mandapathinkadavu is a village located at Kattakada Taluk, Thiruvananthapuram district, Kerala, India.
It is the second safest suburb in the Southland of Cook County, ranking just below the neighboring village of Olympia Fields.
China Merangi is a village Jiyyammavalasa mandal in Vizianagaram district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Pulaski is a village in Brown, Oconto, and Shawano counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.
Bhangarh is at the edge of the Sariska Tiger Reserve.
The village consists of one long stretch with housing and has a population of ca.
The mayor of Southgate is Anna Marie Fosbrooke.
Burnham was named for Telford Burnham who drew its plat; not, as is widely assumed, by Chicago city planner and architect Daniel Burnham.
It is also the seat of the municipality called Gmina Baligród.
It lies approximately 22 kilometres south-west of Żary and 64 km south-west of Zielona Góra.
Hewlett Bay Park ranks at number 18 on the list of Highest-income places in the United States.
The nearest colleges are at Kanyakumari, Levengipuram, Nagercoil, Koothankuli, Sankanapuram and Vadakkankulam.
Many of its historic spa-related structures were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994 as the Sharon Springs Historic District.
The deity of the Koli community is Ekvira Devi.
Moodus is a village in the town of East Haddam, Connecticut, United States.
The population was determined to be 954 in both the 2000 and the 2010 Census.
It is a part of the municipality of Tiel, and lies about 2 km west of Tiel.
Horodło is a village in Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
Węgrów [ˈvɛŋɡruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Muppathadam is the main Commercial Center of Kadungallor.
Lakhandur is a Notified Area Council Town in Bhandara district of Maharashtra, India.
The village has a population of 2,100.
The population was 303 at the 2010 census.
Samsing Tea Estate is under the administration of Jalpaiguri district and Samsing basti- comprises Sundar basti,khash mahal and fari are under Dajeeling District Administration.
The village is dominated by large rock formations, the largest being Thamaga Hill.
One of the most beautiful medieval monasteries of the Serbian Orthodox Church Nikolje is also located in Donja Šatornja.
Loleygaon is a small Lepcha village with a population of about 5000.
Water comes only twice a week and is always filthy from the rusty pipes.
Ballygarvan is a village in County Cork, Ireland.
Wolbromek [vɔlˈbrɔmɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolków, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
In 1770, however, Bogoria burned, together with the town hall.
Nearby are Behbudi, Ghorghushti town, Malak Mala and Nartopa.
Most populous religious group were Roman Catholics with 505.
It is bordered by Narhar to the east, Alampura to the west, Khudia to the south and Govali to the north.
Punnichy derived its name from panacay, "fledgling bird with few feathers", a Saulteaux joke referring to the appearance of a pioneer merchant.
It is six miles east of Osceola, and just 17 miles south and three miles west of Columbus.
The population was 26 at the 2010 census.
Chevy Chase Section Five is a village in Montgomery County, Maryland, United States.
The main attractions are Elephant march(around 20-30 elephants).
The monument to Icelandic poet Stephan Stephansson is located at Vatnsskarð pass.
Wellington was named Money Magazine's "Top 100" Best Places to Live in 2010.
It has lush green surroundings, mostly contatining rubber plantations.
Kvalheim is a coastal village with large agricultural areas in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
Kadappooru is a village in Kottayam district, Kerala, India.
It is pronounced as Byenji in local Garhwali language.
The municipality was formed in 1828 from parts of the municipalities of Breust and Eijsden.
The population was 177 at the 2010 census.
Burgum is the largest and administrative town of the municipality of Tytsjerksteradiel, in the Dutch province of Friesland, with a population of 10083 inhabitants.
Yemalur is a village, about 14 km from Bangalore city in Southern India.
This has left the now rather quaint township in the ideal position of slowly becoming an enclave for those seeking a "Green Change"
Courtown, is a village which developed after Lord Courtown ordered the construction of a harbour during the Famine years, 1839-1846.
At its peak during the 1950s, about 400 people lived there.
There is ferry service from Losnegard to Krakhella and to Rutledal on the mainland in Gulen.
This municipality included the villages of Bahr, Giesbeek and Lathum, and the hamlets of Bevermeer and Bingerden.
Lakselv  is the largest village and administrative centre of Porsanger Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.
Melbeta is a village in Scotts Bluff County, Nebraska, United States.
The old Sholapur District Gazetteer, 1884, describes the place to be a market town of some importance.
Illandakunta is a small village in the Jammikunta mandal in India.
Sherpur is a village located about 6 kilometres south of Idar and 27 kilometres north of Himatnagar in Sabarkantha district in the Indian state of Gujarat.
It is a part of the municipality of Nissewaard, and lies about 6 km west of Spijkenisse.
Ratangarh is a village in the district of Datia, in Madhya Pradesh, India.
It has existed for the last 1200 years.
Plain City is a village in Madison and Union counties in the U.S. state of Ohio, along Big Darby Creek.
It is just a mile to the east of Kandy.
Kaldbaksbotnur is a village on the island of Streymoy in the Faroe Islands.
As of the 2010 census, the village population was 1,024.
Pataunja is a village in Farrukhabad District of Uttar Pradesh in India.
Gadia is a large village and a village panchayat in Barabanki district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
The population was 1,300 at the 2010 census.
Karuvannoor is a place in Trichur, Kerala, India bordered by Moorkanade, Mapranam and Karalam.
Bhadrachalam, which is one of the pilgrimage site for Hindus is located 18 km away from this village.
The population was 138 at the 2010 census.
In 1933, the town decided to become a village, and changed its name to the Village of Biscayne Park.
Nattika is on the west coast of Thrissur.
This village is having 2920 votes Sh.Bikram Singh Yadav is the current MLA & Minister CooperationGovt of Haryana.
Farming and business are the main activities.
Religara is easily accessible by local buses and taxis from Patratu.
Higginsport is a village in Brown County, Ohio, United States, along the Ohio River.
It lies on the Baltic coast, approximately 2 kilometres west of Rewal, 23 km north-west of Gryfice, and 79 km north of the regional capital Szczecin.
Montebello is an incorporated village in the town of Ramapo, Rockland County, New York, United States.
Use of these compounds has been restricted or banned in many countries, because of their nonselective toxicity.
Inuvil is a village in Northern Sri Lanka.
The population was 5,629 at the 2010 Census.
Youngstown is a village in southern Alberta, Canada within Special Area No.
The early settlers in Pattithanam played a major role in establishing the educational and religious institutions in this area.
Musthabad is the main town for the Mustabad Mandal.
There is only one central Jamia mosque where people from the surroundings come to offer prayers.
The Valapattanam River meets the Arabian sea at Matool.
The main schools in the area are Wadzanai Primary School and Wadzanai Secondary School which are run by the Shamva district council.
It is served by Bus Éireann route 424 from Galway.
It is a part of the municipality of Hulst, and lies about 31 km southwest of Bergen op Zoom.
After World War II the region was placed under Polish administration by the Potsdam Agreement under territorial changes demanded by the Soviet Union.
The village surrounds the Town of Germantown.
The population was 377 at the 2010 census.
It lies approximately 7 kilometres south of Stronie Śląskie, 29 kilometres south-east of Kłodzko, and 100 kilometres south of the regional capital Wrocław.
It is the southern half of a twin-village situated on both sides of the valley.
Wola Mieczysławska [ˈvɔla mjɛt͡ʂɨˈswafska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The lake Riasten lies about 25 kilometres to the east.
This was considerably higher in the 1960s during the construction of the Benmore and Aviemore dams.
It has a population of 3,765; 24% of the population are Poles.
Demographically people belonging to Christian, Hindu and Muslims religions live harmoniously in this beautiful piece of land in God's very own country.
Łuczywno [wuˈt͡ʂɨvnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek Mały, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
In 1993 the name was changed to Rijnwoude.
It is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area.
It encompassed an area of about 635 square kilometres in the eastern part of the present-day municipality of Lærdal.
This village consists mainly of paddy fields and coconut groves.
Most surviving Poles were moved to western Poland in the late 1940s and 1950s.
It lies approximately 12 km north of Osiecznica, 22 km north-west of Bolesławiec, and 120 km west of the regional capital Wrocław.
It is located approximately 9 km away from Coonoor on the Coonoor to Kotagiri road.
The village was a filial parish to Wola Sękowa 3 km away.
It is the mandal headquarters of Maddipadu mandal in Ongole revenue division.
Kabakaburi is an important historical and archeological heritage site, containing both shell mounds and ancient ceramics.
The total area was 170.11 square kilometres.
Sedgewickville is part of the Cape Girardeau–Jackson, MO-IL Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The village is located about 24 km west of Limerick city close to the River Shannon estuary.
The population was 376 at the 2010 census.
Holthees forms a small community with Smakt
Napachanie [napaˈxaɲe] is a village and sołectwo in the administrative district of Gmina Rokietnica, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
It is situated on the right bank of the Sutlej which is one of the 5 main rivers in Punjab.
Near the blinded institute a wooden chapel is located, one of the most notable architectural monuments of the area.
Żmiarki [ˈʐmjarki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Kłoda, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
It lies approximately 11 kilometres north of Cybinka, 15 km south-east of Słubice, 61 km south-west of Gorzów Wielkopolski, and 65 km north-west of Zielona Góra.
The population was 81 at the 2010 census.
Most of the inhabitants of this village are found to be devotees of Lord Anjaneya, due to its geographical closeness to Yalgur.
Bonče is a village in the Prilep municipality, in the Republic of Macedonia.
Kaczki [ˈkat͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trąbki Wielkie, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
Unusually for a stone circle, its stones tend to taper toward points.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority with a present Romani and Hungarian minority.
Winnogóra [vinnɔˈɡura] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Glitiškės is a village in Vilnius district, Lithuania.
However, a two-thirds majority was needed to dissolve the village.
From 1945 to 1975 the village belonged to the former Kielce Voivodeship, and from 1975 to 1998 to the former Radom Voivodeship.
In 2004 it had a population of 387.
Jalalpuram is a small village which is in Pedakurapadu Mandal, Guntur District, Andhra Pradesh.
The province of Friesland is bordered in the north by the Wadden Sea.
The Holy place of Swamythoppu pathy is located near Muhilankudierrupu, 4 km away.
It lies on the R742 regional road.
Rossocha [rɔsˈsɔxa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
Just before the original village was submerged, the residents were moved to a new village called Hosa Kannambadi.
Tusvik lies in Sykkylven Municipality, which is primarily an industrial area, with large industries such as RAJO, Ekornes, and LK Hjelle Møbelfabrikk based here.
Candolim is a census town in North Goa and is located in the Bardez taluka in the state of Goa, India.
Public bathrooms are available from June to September.
It is located in the municipality of Steenwijkerland, about 9 km southwest of the town of Steenwijk.
It is the mandal headquarters of Vedurkuppam mandal.
It lies approximately 7 kilometres north-east of Murowana Goślina and 26 km north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
The village is the east town line, and is east of Watertown.
It is about 5 kilometers from Vadakkencherry on National Highway 47, midway between Palakkad and Thrissur.
Located in Sarangpur Mandal of Rajgarh District in Madhya Pradesh State.
This is the birthplace of L. Frank Baum, author of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.
In 1856, Henry Ramsay took over as the Commissioner of Kumaon.
Rompicherla is a village in Chittoor district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Zwaanshoek is located on the edge of what used to be a lake, the Haarlemmermeer.
It is situated 22 km north of Trivandrum, 20 km from the Trivandrum International Airport and 22 km from Trivandrum railway station and bus station.
The village has a Baroque church of St. Bartholomew and ruins of the Baroque palace.
The village, also called Brekkebygda, has a school, shop, gas station, post office, bank, sports fields, and Brekken Church.
Curiñanco takes its name from the cacique Curiñancu, father of the Mapuche leader Lautaro.
It provided a crossing point over Krios Potamos.
The name is probably of possessive origin derived from personal name Puńc.
Along with neighbouring Nakrekal village, Kattangoor was captured from Hyderabad State by the Indian Army's Punjab Regiment on 17 September 1948.
Baie-du-Tombeau is a village in Mauritius located in the Pamplemousses District, situated near the Rivière du Tombeau.
It is situated in the Pećinci municipality, in the Srem District, Vojvodina province.
Odaikkarai has a population of about one thousand, ninety-nine percent of whom are Christian.
Also close by are places like Hartola and Ramgarh, all accessible from Nainital and Bhimtal.
It is located southeast of Elmira in the Southern Tier region.
The population was 371 at the 2010 census.
The population was 708 at the 2010 census.
It lies approximately 23 kilometres north-east of Olesno and 63 km north-east of the regional capital Opole.
The statistical area "Kapel-Avezaath", which also can include the peripheral parts of the village, as well as the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 470.
Meedhuizen]) is a town in the Dutch province of Groningen.
it is believed that around 1850 one estate been established on the top of the hill and near to a river named as Sooryakanthi.
Pampaneira is a village located in the province of Granada, Spain.
The town of Boyne City is about 8 miles to the northwest on highway M-75.
Eldorado is a village in Preble County, Ohio, United States.
Drummond's economy is centred on the potato industry, and cereal crops such as wheat, barley and oats are grown mainly through crop rotation.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
The name sounds like " blue blue" in English, as the Portuguese word for blue is "azul", its etymology of Blublu is mainly of Angolan origin.
Avilčiai  is a small village in the Molėtai district municipality, Lithuania, halfway between the towns of Molėtai and Alanta.
The main crops are sugarcane, turmeric, paddy, and coconut.
Wietszyce [vjɛtˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pęcław, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
New York Mills is a village in Oneida County, New York, USA.
There is also some industry in the village with factories, wood processing plants, and food processing plants.
This town was well fortified and developed by Pemmasani rulers.
The village has a population of 180.
The population was 875 at the 2010 census.
As of 2001, the village had a total population of 1695.
The village spreads around the bottom of a deep inlet, Hvalbiarfjørður, in the northeast of Suðuroy.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1,521 people.
As of June 2013, the village had an estimated population of 1,638 and a population density of 18.6 persons per km².
Waverly is served by the Garnet A. Wilson Public Library.
Moryntsi is a village in central Ukraine.
Sierzno [ˈɕeʐnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytów, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
Malczyce [malˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, situated on the south-west bank of the river Oder.
Asbestos was and still is being mined in this small Zimbabwean town.
Prior to 1945 the area was part of Germany.
The population was 621 at the 2010 census.
The built-up area of the village was 0.32 km², and contained 525 residences.
The village is in the north-central part of the town of Hunter on Route 23A.
Afaahiti is a village and district in Tahiti.
Dixmoor is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States.
Vestmanna is a town in the Faroe Islands on the west of the island of Streymoy.
The population was 52 at the 2010 census.
Sobczyce [sɔpˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotla, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in southwestern Poland.
Directly south across the lake is the Jostedalsbreen nasjonalparksenter, a visitor's center for the nearby Jostedalsbreen National Park.
Kottukadu is a small town situated in the Chavara panchayath.
Shakrial is a rapidly growing town in Rawalpindi, Pakistan.
The village has a population of 3,559.
The former Norwegian football player Jan Åge Fjørtoft hails from Gursken.
It is administered as part of the municipality Grootegast.
Its population as of 2005 was 603, including that of the nearby village of Slattumhagen.
Alberta Beach changed from this convention at the time it changed its municipal status from summer village to village on January 1, 1999.
The village was named "Arlington" for a short time, which led its new neighbor to the north, incorporated in 1918, to name itself Upper Arlington.
The village is situated in the Airport road connecting North Paravur(NH66) and Nedumbassery(NH544).
Trzebień [ˈtʂɛbjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec, within Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Kjørnes is a small village area in the municipality of Sogndal in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
It is located in the municipality of Eemsmond.
Some students pursue further education in nearby towns such as Rajapur, Ratnagiri, Kolhapur or in Mumbai.
The village has a government primary and high school.Also has a private school named 'Brindhavan Higher Secondary School'.
A tank or kundike has been erected on a hillside by kodavas, at the place that is said to be the origin.
It is 21 km west of Machilipatnam and 11 km east of river krishna .The largest city of this district, Vijaywada, is around 60 km away.
However, in 1331, it was burnt to the ground, never to recover.
The Appalachian Highway links Seaman to Cincinnati.
The population was 77 at the 2010 census.
Both islands are located in the Lofoten archipelago.
De Wijk was a separate municipality until 1998, when it became a part of De Wolden.
The name comes from its former status as a canal port.
It is part of the Dayton Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Today, the village of Kalvåg has a unique collection of old waterfront buildings, reputed to be the largest and best-kept waterfront environment in the county.
Striker Rebecca Angus from Middlesbrough, England also played four seasons for Kolbotn in 2007-10.
Vik has an MC club and the society house Idahall–where there is located a football field as well.
Ney has been noted for having one of the shortest place names in Ohio.
IJzendoorn is a village in the Dutch province of Gelderland.
Turner is a village in Arenac County of the U.S. state of Michigan.
A few people have work in small industries in Khatauli and some others have their own shops there.
Białężyn [bjaˈwɛ̃ʐɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murowana Goślina, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Sidhout or Siddhavattam is a village in Kadapa district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
About 20 years ago Murthal was just another village along the National Highway-1 and now it is one of the fastest growing villages in the region.
The rest of the island's population is located on the southern half of the island, separated from Alnes by a large mountain.
The population was 3,188 at the 2010 census.
It is located about 10 km from the mulubagal town, northerly.
It is part of the municipality of Eijsden-Margraten, and situated about 8 km southeast of the town of Maastricht.
It was surrounded with a picturesque park, now only partially preserved.
Selbekken is a village in the municipality of Agdenes in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
The lake Ringedalsvatnet and the Trolltunga cliff are located just to the east, higher up in the valley.
Hazira is a town and a transshipment port in the Surat district in the Gujarat state in southwestern India.
The village that developed on the estate during the first half of the 19th century was also named Waterville.
Thakurli-ठाकुर्ली, is a suburb of the Kalyan Dombivli Municipal Corporation in India.
The village is located about 15 kilometres straight south of the town of Odda and about 5 kilometres northwest of the village of Seljestad.
It has a population of around 100.
The population was 1,007 at the 2010 census.
The built-up area of the town was 0.093 km², and contained 126 residences.
Woodville is a village in Sandusky County, Ohio, United States.
The village is located along the Batnfjorden in the present-day Gjemnes Municipality.
The population was 134 at the 2010 census.
Gornji Breg is a village in Serbia.
Thirty-two Ganapathi idols as explained in Mudgala Purana were also installed in the Temple premises.
Statistics Norway classifies Forbregd together with the neighboring village of Lein as the urban area of Forbregd/Lein.
Today the area is part of the Israeli town of Beit Nehemia.
There is one narrow and roughly paved road which connects the two ends of Satapuala-I-Uta, although in Satapuala-I-Tai the road is unpaved.
It is the 9th largest settlement in Kildare and the 83rd largest in Ireland.
It is a very popular holiday destination for Irish holiday makers in particular.
Krishnagiri is a village in Krishnagiri mandal, located in Kurnool district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Ayyappankave is a village in the Palakkad district, Kerala, India.
It is part of the Kearney, Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Przewóz [ˈpʂɛvus] is a village in Żary County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.
The population was 1,057 according to the 2010 census.
The population was 95 at the 2010 census.
Tustin is a village in Osceola County of the U.S. state of Michigan.
The village is within the Town of Winter.
It is located 1/2 km from the proposed Bhirakkuppa bridge.
Bethamangala is a small town in the Bangarpet taluk of Kolar district in the state of Karnataka, India.
The establishment of California Grove led to Poquott’s development as a summer bungalow community.
Fort Simpson is the regional centre of the Dehcho and is the gateway to the scenic South Nahanni River and the Nahanni National Park Reserve.
It lies approximately 4 kilometres north-west of Mogilno and 51 km south of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 1,251.
Above the ditch and entrance to the castle there is a dwelling building on the other side of the structure.
Grudno [ˈɡrudnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolków, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
It is connected to the rest of Leksvik by Norwegian County Road 755.
This was built by the Jain community before 1750-1800 AD.
On September 17, 1939, Felsztyn was incorporated into the Soviet Union, and since the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, is part of independent Ukraine.
An Clochán is a village and townland on the Dingle Peninsula of County Kerry, Ireland, at the foot of Mount Brandon.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 729 people.
Dresden is located in the Finger Lakes Region of New York.
Morrisville is a village in Madison County, New York, United States.
Seethampeta is a village in Srikakulam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Angerlo is a village in the municipality of Zevenaar, in the eastern Netherlands.
The 0.74-square-kilometre village has a population of 728.
Skierbieszow was a town until 1822 and the coat of arms of the town/village is of Ostoja.
Trzęsacz [ˈtʂɛ̃sat͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rewal, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
Hasampura is a village cum panchayat in Sikar District in Rajasthan, India.
Around the village the thickness of this formation exceeds 100 m and with time due to water erosion the cone shaped cliffs were formed.
As of 2006, the population of the municipality was 2341.
Centred on a main crossroads, the village overlooks the Blackwater Valley.
Most of these invaders are pirates or princes who made use of the island status of Jaffna to settle and control international trade.
Anyhow only the money plays major role in all the elections!!!
It is devoid of huts, with proper housing for all the inhabitants.
Rudna Mała [ˈrudna ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Gurrampodeis a village in the Nalgonda district of the Indian state of Telangana.
The night is capped off by a fireworks display.
The village itself has preserved a number of elements typical of alpine architecture.
With Dexter Clark and John L. Shar, Pierson founded the community while it was still part of Mecosta County.
There is also a ferry from Halhjem to Sandvika, just north of the village of Fitjar in Fitjar municipality, to the south.
Rusko Selo is a village in northeastern Serbia, located within the Kikinda municipality, North Banat District, Vojvodina.
Kadinamkulam is surrounded by Kadinamkulam Kayal to the east, the Arabian Sea to the west, Puthucurichy to the north and Channankara to the south.
The population was 745 at the 2010 census.
As of 2011, there were a total of 332 families living in the village.
Kartfestivalen is an award winning pop/rock festival in the middle of August.
Kjeller is a village located near Lillestrøm in the municipality of Skedsmo, Norway.
Donja Šatornja is a village located in Serbia.
Taksal is a village in Himachal Pradesh, India.
The first is the 24th Street and Camelback Road core and the other is the 44th Street and Van Buren Avenue core.
In 2001, the town of Benthuizen had 3215 inhabitants.
The village sits near the confluence of the rivers Kåpperåa and Stjørdalselva, and it is about 5 kilometres south of the lake Fjergen.
Ravno Selo is a village in Serbia.
Løvika has approximately 200 inhabitants and is mostly known for its farming industry.
The Hill of Skryne is higher than the neighbouring Hill of Tara.
It is situated in the Šid municipality, in the Syrmia District, Vojvodina province.
The television series Road to Avonlea is based on the book.
It is located at the eastern entrance to Caraquet Harbour, adjacent to the town of Caraquet.
In the winter, loggers gathered timber and piled it on the hill across the road from the pond.
Together with few neighbouring smaller islands Abruka forms the village of Abruka, which is part of Lääne-Saare Parish, Saare County.
Kalla is a village in West Godavari district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
In the 2000 census, the village had a population of 207.
The population was 110 at the 2010 census.
Pareek and Maanth jats are said to be the first inhabitants of the village.
Kaikaluru is a Mandal in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
At the 2006 census, its population was 92, in 42 families.
Guysborough is an unincorporated Canadian community in Guysborough County, Nova Scotia.
The village lies along the Norwegian National Road 13 highway, southwest of the small villages of Fiskå and Holta and northwest of the town of Jørpeland.
Beitstad is situated along Norwegian County Road 17 which has twisted through the village since 1867.
It is part of the Sioux City, IA–NE–SD Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Yahiyapur is a small village on Meerapur Ghatayan road near Khatauli, in India.
Oqayba has been under Kurdish control since March 2013.
The village has a train station on Indre Østfoldbanen.
Monticello is a rural village in, and county seat of, Lewis County, Missouri, United States, along the North Fabius River.
Bogosavac is a village in the Šabac municipality in western Serbia.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
This is a famous practice dating back to his Scandinavian heritage.
The population was 94 at the 2010 census.
450 houses situated in this village .
On the west coast is a guillemot colony.
Further to the east are a series of lakes and two nature reserves.
It is normal to divide Høvik into two parts; Nedre and Øvre.
Hrebenne [xrɛˈbɛnːɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
Fossmoen is a small village in the Bardufoss area of the municipality of Målselv in Troms county, Norway.
There are 3 lakes in close vicinity namely Kachrali lake, Makhmali lake and Siddeshwar lake, Thane.
Opphaug has small-scale industry and a grain mill.
Villages located in close proximity of Noorsarai include Pundit tola(ammanagar), Chandasi, Kheman Bigha, Charuipar, Muzafrapur, Jalalpur,jolahpura, Tharthari.
It lies approximately 3 km west of Pęcław, 10 km east of Głogów, and 82 km north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The village has carried out programs like tree planting, terracing to reduce soil erosion and digging canals to retain rainwater.
It is located in the municipality of Loppersum, about 15 km northeast of the city of Groningen.
It is situated around 120 km from warangal headquarters and comes under mulugu constituency in Mangapet Mandal.
It lies approximately 5 kilometres north of Nowa Słupia and 33 km east of the regional capital Kielce.
Nagewadi is a small village in Tasgaon tahsil of Sangli district.
Kalasapadu is a village in Kadapa district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Laurie is a village in Morgan and Camden counties, Missouri, United States.
However, as reported in the Irish Examiner in May 2008, the water off Furbo failed to meet EU bathing standards due to faecal coliforms.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Utne is a ferry port with regular ferry routes between Kinsarvik-Utne-Kvanndal, connecting the two sides of the fjord.
Pulaski  is a village in Oswego County, New York, United States.
Butchayyapeta is a Mandal in Visakhapatnam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
It lies approximately 4 kilometres south of Lubartów and 21 km north of the regional capital Lublin.
Bandra is a suburb of West Mumbai in the state of Maharashtra, India.
The community is located along the Musquodoboit River.
The station reopened to passengers in May 1940 and closed to passengers in July 1942.
The picturesque Gudavi Lake with trees all along its banks is a beautiful sight in itself.
It is located about 41 km northeast of the city of Harstad, across the Vågsfjorden.
FlevOnice, a 3 km long, outdoor, refrigerated, ice skating track opened in 2007 in Biddinghuizen and belongs to the longest in the world.
The village lies on NH-4 highway connecting Bangalore and Chennai.
The statistical area "Bilthoven", which also can include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 17560.
Today's development comes largely from the turn of the century.
Rykkinn consists mainly of apartment blocks and smaller houses.
Seneca is an unincorporated community in Thomas County, in the state of Nebraska in the Great Plains region of the United States.
The built-up area of the village was 0.35 km², and contained 87 residences.
Wüjang is a village in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China.
It is located in Rutog County in the Ngari Prefecture in western Tibet.
It lies approximately 12 km south-east of Dzierżoniów, and 63 km south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The village of Chaumont is in the western part of the town of Lyme and is northwest of the city of Watertown.
The village is located within Millington Township.
The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority and its population is 2,084 people.
In 1898 they were transferred to County Mayo.
It is located in the northern part of the present-day Alta Municipality, along both sides of the outer Altafjorden.
The manor houses a small museum and a guesthouse.
In 2006 the village had a population of 3,900.
The village then experienced significant growth and was incorporated as a municipality in 1966.
The main industry in Kjøpsvik is the Norcem cement factory.
The village derives its name from the local waterfall.
The population was 120 at the 2010 census.
Devkota is one of prominent surname of people living in the village.
Kallur is a village in Chittoor district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
It was relocated to the banks of the reservoir in the late 2000s and is now a tourist hot-spot for those visiting the Brindavan Gardens.
The population density is about 1,695 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Skånland Church, one of Northern Norway's largest wooden churches, is located in Evenskjer.
It is host to an annual Ox Roast, Homecoming festival, and Farmer's Market, which runs from June through October in the Village Park.
The population was 396 at the 2010 census.
Some elements of the village like to call the Village "Teach an Scotaigh" after Willie Scot.
Gandlapenta is a village in Anantapur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The name of the village comes from Stanislaw Sobek of Sulejów, who founded it in the area of the village of Nida.
Cloone is a village in County Leitrim, Ireland.
Iduvai is about 48 kilometres from Coimbatore, 9 km from Tirupur and 12 km from Palladam.
The waterfall flows from the lake "Øversjøen" into "Fossersjøen" this lake is locally known for large Pike.
It is the site of a major border crossing on the E36 motorway connecting Berlin, Germany with Wrocław and Kraków in Poland.
It is part of the Sioux City, IA–NE–SD Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The lake Askevatnet lies just southeast of the village.
The area was historically part of the municipality of Nedstrand, and it was a regional customs office for the huge timber industry in the Ryfylke district.
Panchobh has a strong presence in Darbhanga and Laheriasarai.
The population was 3,323 at the 2010 census.
Aalsum had a station on the North Friesland Railway, which opened in 1901.
At the 2006 census, its population was 46, in 6 families.
Water and sewer utilities are provided by Fruitport Charter Township.
Buses from Kumbakonam, Nannilam, Kodavasal pass through Paruthiyur Village.
Koziegłowy [kɔʑeˈɡwɔvɨ] is a large village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonak, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Ooltgensplaat was a separate municipality until 1966, when it became part of Oostflakkee.
Goudriaan was a separate municipality until 1986, when it became part of Graafstroom.
Budikote or the "Fort of Ash" is a small village situated in Bangarpet Taluk of Kolar District in Karnataka state of India.
Wisłok Górny is a village in the Sanok County in the East Małopolska in the Lesser Beskid mountains.
Makloor is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Telangana in India.It is 10 km from Nizamabad.
It is located in Thondur mandal of Jammalamadugu revenue division.
This is a small but growing Mayan Village with a Mayor and a Mayan Council of Elders.
After 1949, the area was incorporated into a new area called Givat Ram.
It's located along the Tromsøysundet on the mainland part of the municipality.
Movik is a village in the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county, Norway.
The population density is 705 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Hills and Dales is part of the Canton–Massillon Metropolitan Statistical Area.
After the defeat of Prithviraja lll in 1192 CE, the city came under Muslim rule.
The village is at an elevation of 3,790 metres above sea level, and is situated near Mount Khumbila.
It is located along the northeastern shore of the lake Drevvatnet in the Elsfjord district, which used to be a separate municipality.
The population was 242 at the 2010 census.
Ilpendam is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland.
Botha is a village in central Alberta, Canada.
It lies approximately 4 kilometres south-west of Hrubieszów and 104 km south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
Smiljan is famous as the birthplace of scientist Nikola Tesla.
The population was 33 at the 2010 census.
The village has a population of 130.
New Bremen is also the world headquarters of Crown Equipment Corporation.
The local sports team is Funnefoss/Vormsund IL.
It is approximately 3 km south of the larger village of Łopuchowo.
It is situated in the Vršac municipality, in the South Banat District, Vojvodina province.
Mountshannon won the Irish Tidy Towns Competition in 1981.
Ginjo Thakurgaon is a village situated in the northern region of the Ranchi district in Jharkhand.
Mazhaiyur is 110 km south-west of Chennai.
Inakadate is a village in Minamitsugaru District in Aomori Prefecture in the Tōhoku region of Japan.
It lies approximately 16 km west of Góra, and 80 km north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Tiagba is a village in southern Ivory Coast, on the north shore of Ébrié Lagoon.
It is 75 km away from Nizamabad and 150 km away from Hyderabad.
Together, Varhaugvika and Aukrasanden have a population of about 850 people.
The only temple of Daityaguru Shukracharya is located at Kopargaon.
It is located about 4 kilometres northeast of the municipal center of Verdalsøra and about 2 kilometres northwest of Stiklestad, along the southern shore of Leksdalsvatnet.
It is located on a small island at the mouth of the Foldafjord.
For the village in west Poland, see Raszyn, Lubusz Voivodeship.
The population was 268 at the 2010 census.
Norsk Hydro's site for production of coal for anodes and small port at the end of the Årdalsfjord are located here.
The 0.87-square-kilometre village has a population of 931, giving the village a population density of 1,135 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The population was 1,313 at the 2010 census.
Millport is in the northwest quadrant of the town of Veteran and is north of Elmira.
Udangudi is a Panchayat town in Thoothukudi district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Kurankhed is a village in the Akola district in Amravati division of Vidarbha region of Maharashtra state in India.
Cap Malheureux is a village in Mauritius located in Rivière du Rempart District.
This article is dealing with both these historic towns and other ancient sites now located within the territory of modern Ashdod.
Electrical power is supplied by Serbia and the primary school was built, run and financed by Serbia.
Residents are mostly farmers and public service sector employees.
The population was 212 at the 2010 census.
Kamanayakkanpatti is a Village in Kovilpatti Taluk in Thoothukudi District in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
The 1.17-square-kilometre village has a population of 1159, giving the village a population density of 991 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The population was 1,200 at the 2010 census.
It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Orla.
Varmahlið stands high on the western side of a valley, at the crossroads at the foot of Vatnsskarð pass.
Biddinghuizen is a village in the municipality of Dronten in the Netherlands.
The population was 151 at the 2010 census.
This church is often referred to as the "Romerike cathedral".
The population was 51 at the 2010 census.
The population of Celoron was 1,112 at the 2010 census.
It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Kampinos.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
The letters used to be brought from Wardha.
It is part of the Springfield, Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Agana Heights is one of the nineteen villages in the United States territory of Guam.
It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina.
She was a strict and wealthy lady who lived in the 14th century.
The town was known in English as 'The Knock' or 'Lynchs' Knock' until about 1667 when it was renamed Summerhill.
The residential neighborhood of Husher is also located within the village.
The population was 42,322 at the 2000 census.
It is situated at a distance of 10 kilometres from Sikar on State Highway No.
The Norwegian painter Erik Werenskiold painted a number of his famous rustic landscapes, such as Telemarksjenter, in the vicinity of Gvarv.
Joyrambati is a town, in the jurisdiction of Kotulpur police station in the Bishnupur subdivision in Bankura district, West Bengal, India.
It was probably founded in the 14th century.
At the 2000 census, it was ranked the 6th highest-income place in the United States.
Home of several commercials and public institutions, the village topped the list of the most developed village in Flacq District.
The statistical area "Vogelwaarde", which also can include the peripheral parts of the village, as well as the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 2180.
It is one the industrial hubs of Tirunelveli.
It is an isolated village in the southern part of the Demir Kapija Municipality.
In Vadakkumangudi, 12% of the population are under 6 years of age 28.
The HSL-Zuid being constructed passes Benthuizen on the eastern side.
Chesapeake is a part of the Huntington-Ashland, WV-KY-OH, Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Potosi is a village in Grant County, Wisconsin, United States.
The population was 879 at the 2010 census.
It is located in the municipality Franekeradeel, about 7 km southwest of the city of Franeker.
It lies approximately 4 km east of Góra, and 69 km north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The Dr. Yashwant Singh Parmar University of Horticulture and Forestry campus is situated there.
The population was 1,439 at the 2010 census.
A government high School and TNEB are also there in Moolachel.
The basic source of livelihood for people is farming and it is well known for rice, wheat and mango orchards.
The name is derived from a creek that flows past the village, which is reportedly a Seneca term for "lying among milkweeds" or "slippery elms".
Its ancient name was Kutsasrama meaning a hermitage of Kutsa.
The village is located within the Town of Lena.
One of the schools is up to Secondary and other up to Middle School.
It is located in the municipality of Landgraaf, on the German border.
This is a village of great freedom fighter and M.L.A Jathedar Jangir Singh Phaguwalia.
Plan a trip to see us soon and watch the papers for programs during the summer and fall.
The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority and its population numbering 5,699 people.
The area was officially classified as part of the West Clare Gaeltacht, an Irish-speaking community, until 1956.
St. Johnsville is a village in Montgomery County, New York, United States.
Storslett is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Nordreisa in Troms county, Norway.
Baltimore is a village in Fairfield County, Ohio, United States.
Kotów [ˈkɔtuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bircza, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
The nearby Allmannajuvet mine is now a museum of the areas mining history.
The statistical area "Vrouwenpolder", which also can include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 1320.
The built-up area of the town was 0.78 km², and contained 648 residences.
He was a government official whose son Shafqat Niaz was a man of great intellect and was a Civil Engineer.
There are no public transport links apart from a school bus, which transports children to the schools in Łopuchowo and Murowana Goślina.
At the 2006 census, its population was 13, in 4 families.
The population was 725 at the 2010 census.
It is situated in the autonomous province of Vojvodina.
Pieterburen is the start of the Pieterpad, a long-distance hiking trail to Sint Pieter in the extreme south of the Netherlands
It is located in the northeastern corner of Elmwood Township.
Hoenderloo is a Dutch village located south west of the city of Apeldoorn.
The neo-gothic and Catholic St. Martinus church, which is located in the center of the village, is known as the highest located church in the country.
Auala's high chief titles are Leali'ifanolevalevale and Tapu which have been passed down by many generations.
It belongs to the castello of Borgo Maggiore.
Nearby, in Sandusky Bay, is Johnson's Island, a former Confederate officer POW camp during the Civil War.
Bestavaripeta is a village in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The people of Khudimari speak Goalpariya, which is a dialect of Assamese.
The original castle was replaced by a Classicistic complex in 1767.
Lijnden located the oldest school of the municipality of Haarlemmermeer: School 1.
Munson is a village in central Alberta, Canada.
The deity Mool Mahunaga stays here during His journey to Sunder Nagar.
Indian National Highway 17 passes through Chentrappinni.
The municipality covers an area of 2.1 square kilometres.
Rice, Cashew Nut, Beetel nut and Coconut are the main crops.
The future policy of the Norwegian Government will decide how much the villages of Jæren are allowed to expand in the future.
Its population was 134 as of 2011.
It is the smallest village of the municipality of Beuningen, and lies about 8 km north of Wijchen.
The population dwindled following the closing of the railroad roundhouse; in 2014, following a dispute on the Village Board, the residents voted to disincorporate the village.
Veliki Crljeni is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.
The population was 66 at the 2010 census.
Baddeck is a village in Victoria County, Nova Scotia, Canada.
Gnadenhutten is a village located on the Tuscarawas River in Tuscarawas County, Ohio, United States and is Ohio's oldest existing settlement.
The population was 2,023 at the 2010 census.
Trumansburg is a village in Tompkins County, New York, United States.
The town has good water bodies, and, further, this location can be approached by the Lucas - Thiruvallur high road or Poonamalle high road.
It is part of the Syracuse Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Mapou is a village in northern Mauritius, located in Rivière du Rempart District.
It lies approximately 6 km north-east of Niemcza, 24 km east of Dzierżoniów, and 43 km south of the regional capital Wrocław.
Plandome Manor is a village in Nassau County, New York in the United States.
The annual musical event, the Festival Country du Camping Sainte-Madeleine, held in late July, attracts approximately 5,000 visitors to the community of 2,356.
The village of Nornes lies across the Sogndalsfjorden from Fimreite.
Gudvangen is a village in the municipality of Aurland in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
In 2005 the village had a population of 150.
Parnasala is a village in the Dummugudem mandal in the Khammam district of Telangana, India.
Miravci lies on the Skopje-Thessaloniki railway and a few kilometers from the once-named Highway of Brotherhood and Unity that ran the whole length of Yugoslavia.
Birdhill is a village in County Tipperary, Ireland.
Daniel H. Serota is the current Mayor.
At the 2006 census, its population was 69, in 18 families.
Mousampur has one upper primary school, aganbadi center, and a few temples.
The village lies in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.
Podluhy is a village in Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Waterville, historically known as Coirean, is a village in County Kerry, Ireland, on the Iveragh Peninsula.
offices, a Khadi Unit Super markets etc.
Agriculture is the mainstay of the residents of this charming village.
The fort remains open from October to July end throughout the year and anyone can visit it after renting a Safari Jeep from the Forest Office.
The 0.33-square-kilometre village has a population of 224.
In the seventh century it was famous for the temple of Shiva, built in neighbourhood of Kusuma by a warrior named Satyabhata.
Chikbilti is a village in the state of Karnataka, India.
It is located on the border of the municipalities Ten Boer and Loppersum.
Zełwągi [zɛu̯ˈvɔnɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
It is located in Bapulapadu mandal of Nuzvid revenue division.
In the 1970s and 1980s many Kanbis secured working in the Middle East.
It is best known for the Nelapattu Bird Sanctuary.
Yankee Lake is a village in Trumbull County, Ohio, United States.
It is located about midway between the small villages of Evenskjer and Grov.
According to the 2003 census, it had a population of 179, the majority of which identified as Serbs, the rest as Montenegrins.
The football club Polonia Marklowice, founded in 1922, plays in the village.
Also located in Dale is the Nordic Artists' Centre Dale, an artist-in-residence centre hosting international visual artists over periods of 2 or 3 months.
Munchingi puttu is a village and a Mandal in Visakhapatnam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
The entire village and surrounding countryside is a National Historic Landmark District, noted for its well-preserved 18th and 19th-century character.
Flateyri is a village situated in Iceland's Westfjords.
The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority and its population numbering 6,325 people.
Raducz [ˈradut͡ʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
Karasica [karaˈɕit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
The population was 3,154 at the 2010 census.
Mastic Beach is served by the William Floyd School District.
Clyman is a village in Dodge County, Wisconsin, United States.
It is near to town of Puttur.
The population was 125 at the 2010 census.
The population was 1,216 at the 2010 census.
Originally incorporated as a village, it became a city in May 2002.
There is no physical border between the towns, as the grid of streets and avenues blend seamlessly from one town to another.
It is part of the Poughkeepsie–Newburgh–Middletown, NY Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the larger New York–Newark–Bridgeport, NY-NJ-CT-PA Combined Statistical Area.
Straumen is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Inderøy in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
This village has a telephone exchange, bank, post office and four schools.
Kachurwahi is a Gram panchayat village in Ramtek Tehsil in Nagpur district, India.
Forvika or Forvik is the administrative centre of the municipality of Vevelstad in Nordland county, Norway.
Puńsk [puɲsk] is a village in the Podlaskie Voivodeship, Poland.
The population density of the village is 1,003 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Andover is a village located in the south-east of Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States.
It is a primarily a farming community with a mixed caste of people like Patel, Thakor, Brahmin, Shah, Muslim, Harijans, etc.
It occupies the northern half of the Sagamore census-designated place.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbers 2,826 people.
The population was 3,957 at the 2010 census, a growth rate of 48% from 2000.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Karumanassery is a small village in Kerala, India.
Ballymakeera or Ballymakeery is a small townland and Gaeltacht village in the civil parish of Ballyvourney, barony of Muskerry West, county Cork, Ireland.
Abu Shusha was located on the slope of Tel Jazar, which is commonly identified with the ancient city of Gezer.
The people in the village are mostly involved in agriculture and in the lorry business.
The district population in 2011 was 2,650.
Lockington is a village in Washington Township, Shelby County, Ohio, United States, along Loramie Creek.
Agle has a school, a kindergarten, and an arena for biathlon.
Major projects including large housing subdivisions, condos, and retail establishments have altered the face of the once "sleepy mountain community."
The village has a population of 420.
It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Mszana.
It is about 25 kilometers north of the Greek border.
The population was 13 at the 2010 census.
Vatnsoyrar, being created in 1921, is one of the youngest settlements in the Faroes.
The municipality covers an area of 14.71 km².
Annobór-Kolonia [anˈnɔbur kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The Kruger sawmill, with 150 workers, is the main employer of the region.
Dhanori is located 5 Km away from National highway no.8 which is connected between Mumbai and Ahmedabad.
Kena is a village in Vilnius district municipality, Lithuania.
It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Hyżne.
Hardbakke has an elementary school and a secondary school, as well as Solund Church.
Port Byron is a village in Cayuga County, New York, United States.
Furthermore, it changed hands several times in the 18th century, belonging to a number of families.
A hairdresser and a grocery store can be found near the central bus stop of Fjellstrand.
It is the mandal headquarters of Janakavaram Panguluru mandal in Ongole revenue division.
At the 2006 census, its population was 23, in 5 families.
Today this area is booming due to not only shopping, but also a central point for logistic connections.
Tonota is a village located in the Central District of Botswana.
The 0.47-square-kilometre village has a population of 604, giving the village a population density of 1,285 inhabitants per square kilometre.
A large cracked rock rests in an area just north of Hvannasund.
Lamar is a village in Chase County, Nebraska, United States.
Most Germans fled or were expelled and replaced with Poles expelled from the Polish areas annexed by the Soviet Union.
In 2001, the small village centre of Middelie had 180 inhabitants.
The built-up area of the village is 1.5 km², and contains 4000 of the 7000 residences.
The population was 57 at the 2010 census.
Saltaire is a village on Fire Island in the southern part of the Town of Islip in Suffolk County, New York, United States.
The village has the principal tweed hand weaving facility in Donegal, with a shop Studio Donegal selling high quality tweed products.
It is situated in the area known as Wadi al-Nasara.
Until World War II, the town had a Roman Catholic church which catered to the Polish population.
Halsey is a village in Blaine and Thomas counties in the State of Nebraska.
Television and radio broadcast reception is reasonable in the village.
Over 20 places in Peninsula are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
There is also a gas/petrol station which provides for general groceries.
The population was 83 at the 2010 census.
The village Heesselt has a population of around 200.
During World War II, the Wehrmacht bombed this village because of connections to the Allied forces.
Achthuizen is a village in the Dutch province of South Holland.
Kuklen was proclaimed a town on 23 May 2006 and as of 2005 had a population of 6,877.
Rerrin is the name of the main village on Bere Island, within County Cork.
The Chief of the region is Kgosi Thabo Maruje Masunga III who recently took over from his uncle Christopher Masunga.
Tømra is a village in the municipality of Selbu in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina.
The population was 1,291 at the 2010 census.
The village houses a Protestant church designed in 1796-1797 by Carl Gotthard Langhans, currently in stage of renovation proceed by Your Heritage Foundation.
Hansnes is a village and the administrative centre of Karlsøy municipality in Troms county, Norway.
Chenam is a small village in Thrissur district of Kerala state, South India.
Dingja is a small village in the municipality of Gulen in Sogn og Fjordane county in Western Norway.
It is a popular holiday destination with a hotel, restaurant, camping ground, backpackers, and other basic services.
The village is located at the southern end of the Førdespollen bay, off of the main Bømlafjorden.
Freeport is a village in Harrison County, Ohio, United States.
Tens of inhabitants work in services related to tourism.
It is served by a branch of the Greene County Public Library.
Borundi is a coastal village near to Dapoli in the southern state of Maharashtra in India.
The popular tourist destination of Undredal is located along the Aurlandsfjorden which is a branch off the massive Sognefjorden in Norway's "fjord-country."
Attur or Atturu is a village coming under Kemral post office in Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka state in INDIA.It is near to Kinnigoli town.
Valemount is a village municipality of 1,018 people in east central British Columbia, Canada located 320 kilometres from Kamloops, British Columbia.
As of the census of 2010, the population was 9,231.
Kansas is a village in Kansas Township, Edgar County, Illinois, United States.
The village is located within the Town of Winneconne.
The 2010 population was 1,621, according to that year's census.
The population was 102 at the 2000 census and 136 in 2010.
It is 94 km from Udaipur City and 78 km South west of Chittorgarh.
The village is situated at the place where the Bay of Bengal and Vashista Godavari, a tributary of the Godavari River, meet.
Waterford is a village in Racine County, Wisconsin, United States.
New Lexington is a village in and the county seat of Perry County, Ohio, United States, 21 miles southwest of Zanesville.
Newtonia has some Antebellum houses, such as the Ritchey Mansion, as well as a cemetery for Civil War dead.
The magical powers of Tejaji had spread all around.
It lies close to the Bug River, which forms the border with Belarus and Ukraine.
Shaidu is a town of about 75,000 people, in the Nowshera District of the North-West Frontier Province, Pakistan.
The Nordland Line runs through the western part of the village, stopping at Trofors Station.
The population was 640 at the 2010 census.
It is located 32 km south of Stettler and 64 km north of Drumheller on Highway 56 in the County of Stettler No.
Dhanori hosts annual Diwali function which is well known within Navsari district.
The population was 377 at the 2010 census.
The Village of Evans Mills in within the Town of Le Ray and is northeast of Watertown.
The Village of Pulaski is within the Town of Richland, and lies between the eastern shore of Lake Ontario and the Tug Hill region.
Kellnersville is a village in Manitowoc County, Wisconsin, United States.
The population was 590 at the 2010 census.
Two Christian churches, three schools and two convents are situated in this village.
Matsyapuri is a Major village in the Veeravasaram mandal of the West Godavari district, near Narsapur, in Andhra Pradesh, India.
The population was 242 at the 2010 census.
The village consists of a primary school, sri Seetha Rama swamy temple and Sri Dasanjaneya swamy temple.
Nearby, the Nazis also had a large camp for Russian prisoners-of-war.
It lies across the Ohio River from Huntington, West Virginia, at the mouth of Symmes Creek.
It is the terminus of the railway line that traverses the length of Glarus.
The statistical area "Kortgene", which also can include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 2000.
It is located approximately between the towns of Stokmarknes and Sortland, and just north of Grytting.
To reach the village one can take NH 21 from Chandigarh and after travelling 100 kilometres from Chandigarh there is a small hill station at Swarghat.
The population has been steadily increasing over the past years with a large number of young families now living in the area.
It is located in the municipality of Loznica, in the Mačva District.
In this community 29.2% of the labour force works in the forest industry.
M.S.104, Municipal Administration and Urban Development Department, it became a part of Vijayawada metropolitan area.
There were plans of building a dam near it which necessitated the evacuation of the villagers from Sarapady, but the plans have been stalled.
Shoal Creek Estates is a village in Newton County, Missouri, United States.
The 0.22-square-kilometre village has a population of 521.
The population was 189 at the 2010 census.
The majority of the inhabitants are Greek Orthodox Christians, and a significant minority are Sunni Muslims and Protestants.
It is located in the Chemerivtsi Raion at around 49°8′N 26°22′E.
It is located in the Plandište municipality, in the South Banat District, Vojvodina province.
Cumbuco is ideal destination for kite vacation for beginners and advanced kiteboarders.
The newly formed municipality is called Gulpen-Wittem.
Legend also has it that a petrified colorful cloth from Nikbanou was also visible in the rocks, although pilgrims have since removed it.
Norðskáli is a settlement in the Faroe Islands on the island of Eysturoy, a few kilometres north of Oyri.
Mutharam is a panchayat in Peddapalli district, Telangana, India.
At the end of month December bhajane's are sung and competitions are held.
After World War II the region was placed under Polish administration by the Potsdam Agreement under territorial changes demanded by the Soviet Union.
The population was 71 at the 2010 census.
It is situated in the Senta municipality, in the North Banat District, Vojvodina province.
This CDP is an entity created solely for statistic purposes.
The 0.47-square-kilometre village has a population of 241, which gives the village a population density of 513 inhabitants per square kilometre.
It lies approximately 8 km north of Wąsosz, 12 km south-east of Góra, and 60 km north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
In 1317, King Władysław Łokietek handed Bochotnica and other local villages to brothers Ostaszko and Dzierżko from Bejsce.
Refvik has a population of 126 people.
There is a popular camp school for young people in Vatnsoyrar.
As of 2004, the population recorded by the U.S. Census Bureau was 238.
The village is an upscale neighborhood with Dutch professionals residing there.
Bratkovychi is a selo in the Lviv Oblast of western Ukraine.
Patratu Railway Station, on the Garhwa-Bokaro railway line, serves this area.
The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority and its population is 2,882 people.
It is now the largest panchayat in terms of area as well as population.
In the later decades, the entire high range, as Father Vadakkan mentioned in his biography Ente Kuthippum Kitaappumbecame the backbone of the Kerala Economy.
Virginia is a village in Gage County, Nebraska, United States.
Breeveld is a village in the Dutch province of Utrecht.
It is one of the villages in Alapuzha on the bank of the Pamba River with picturesque vast paddy fields.
Easky is a designated area on Ireland's Wild Atlantic Way tourist route.
Millard is a village in Pettis Township, Adair County, Missouri, United States.
In 2001, the village of Vierpolders had 993 inhabitants.
It is a junction on National Highway 66 which connects Cochin to Panvel.
The population was 187 at the 2010 census.
They had their prince and catholic priests.
Varivode is a village in the municipality of Kistanje, Šibenik-Knin County, Croatia.
Wesley Chapel is a village in Union County, North Carolina, United States.
It is the birthplace of Sri Gurajada Apparao, the playwright, poet and social reformer in the Telugu language.
Sadayandi Temple is situated in the hill caves.
The four ponds are called Dhanus Thirtha, Gada Thirtha, Bana Thirtha and Parashu Thirtha.
It is near to Kotturu, Srikakulam town.
It lies approximately 6 km west of Wądroże Wielkie, 9 km north-east of Jawor, and 55 km west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Wawrzyszew [vaˈvʐɨʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
It is located in Krosuru mandal of Guntur revenue division.
The district surrounding the inner part of the Sjona fjord originally belonged to the municipality of Nesna.
Up until this day, the Tatars still remain as the only minority in the village.
Mandal in Adilabad district in the state of Telangana in south India.
Lööne Manor is located in the village.
In 1372, a castle was built for the vogt of Kuldīga komtur.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany.
Vermontville is a village in Eaton County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Hemne Church is located in the village.
The residential community of Franksville is located within the village.
Ballinagree and its surrounding area comprise one of the richest areas in northern Europe for Megalithic monuments.
In 1856 it became connected to the outside world by the Brédyk via Sint Nicolaasga.
Richburg is a village in Allegany County, New York, United States.
Due to recent conurbation between Orkanger and Fannrem, Statistics Norway regards Orkanger-Fannrem as one 6.04-square-kilometre community with a population of 7,812.
Bergsfjord Church is located in this village.
Bhamini is a village in Srikakulam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The community is in the western part of the county, west of Amsterdam.
The population was 31,347 at the 2010 census, making it the 2nd most populous community in Rockland County, after New City.
There is a cosy boat harbour with boathouses in Argir.
People from all parts of Himachal came here in the month of May to celebrate Mahunag Fair, and worship the nagdevta.
Then the viewers would then decide who got the house valued at 3,000,000 NOK.
Thamaraikulam is a panchayat town in Periyakulam taluk of Theni district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
The place is historically significant as it carries ruins of an ancient temple of Somanatha.
Mass was said on a rock in a remote area.
The first records about the population on Abruka originate from the Middle Ages, when the Bishop of Ösel-Wiek founded a horse breeding manor there.
The village is located within the Town of Marquette.
Overton is a village in Dawson County, Nebraska, United States.
Mogadore is a village in Portage and Summit counties in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Pakkam Kottur is a small village in Tamil Nadu, a southern state of India.
The correct spelling is "Metcalfe," reflecting the fact that it was named in honor of John Thomas Metcalfe, M.D.
The built-up area of the village was 0.078 km², and contained 165 residences.
It lies approximately 7 km south-east of Warta Bolesławiecka, 15 km south-east of Bolesławiec, and 91 km west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The population was 1,671 at the 2010 census.
It is a part of the municipality of Delfzijl, and lies about 25 km east of Groningen.
It is located 60 kilometres west of Tobruk.
This area has an ancient history, since the Gulating met in this area in the years 900—1300, creating laws which governed most of Western Norway.
It was located in the northeastern part of the present-day municipality of Røros.
Roseville is a village in Muskingum and Perry counties in the U.S. state of Ohio, along Moxahala Creek.
Fosser had a station on the Urskog-Hølandsbanen from the opening of the Hølandsbanen in 1898 and until the line was closed down in 1960.
This is also where the defunct coal power station stands.
Before World War II, Muczne was part of Dźwiniacz Górny village.
Drag is located along Norwegian National Road 827 runs through Drag to a ferry port that connects to the village of Kjøpsvik across the fjord.
Krosuru is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
It is located in Chitvel mandal of Rajampet revenue division.
Paquetville is a Canadian village in Gloucester County, New Brunswick.
It was among the first Jakarta's planned suburb established during the 1960s.
At the 2006 census, its population was 229, in 50 families.
At the 2006 census, its population was 203, in 58 families.
Soldiers Grove is a village alongside the Kickapoo River in Crawford County, Wisconsin, in the United States.
It is located in the southwestern corner of the county, entirely surrounded by the municipality of Southwest Middlesex.
Incorporated in 1872, it retains a very small western section in Clarkstown.
It had a population of around 400 in 2004.
For details of the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
The modern town grew around the fort.
Lakhiwal or Lakhiwal Sharif is a village and union council 139 of Sahiwal Tehsil, Sargodha District, Pakistan.
The population was 85 at the 2010 census.
The name is related to the village's position between two lakes.
The town features crazy golf, amusement rides, ten-pin bowling, a golf course, as well as a beach and forest park.
It is located in the present-day municipality of Dønna.
Eastlake was incorporated as a village in 1912.
Renuncio is a village of the province of Burgos, in the autonomous community of Castile and León, Spain.
one pustakalya make 1984. and govt hospital make in 1990.
The population was 316 at the 2010 census.
An eclectic villa, dating from around 1880-1890s, has been preserved.
Charan is situated among a cluster of villages located in Alborz mountain range north of Tehran in Iran.
Cattle were brought to feed on the fertile grazing lands in summer, which caused them to give very rich milk.
It is known for the temple of Golu Devata.
Mudinepalli hosts nearly all species of Indian snakes, which can survive in this southern region of India.
The village has an approximate population of 100.
Skanda Giri and Kandavara are closely linked.
Davey is a village in Lancaster County, Nebraska, United States.
Karazhma has a good mix of Christian and Hindu population that comprises its local inhabitants.
It is one of the largest fishing villages in Lofoten.
It lies immediately north of the Silvermine mountain range and takes its name from the extensive mines of lead, zinc, copper, baryte and silver nearby.
Additionally, several fixed exhibitions such as a kitchen, living room, schoolhouse, and line baiting booth.
The village is located about 12 kilometres east of the town of Leknes.
In Bezděkov there is a nice baroque church designed by architect Kilian Ignaz Dientzenhofer.
The town is an administrative district, with a Town Council.
There are about 70 inhabitants in the village, which has a camping ground, a shop, and an inn.
It lies approximately 7 km south of Jawor, and 61 km west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Tverrelvdalen is a village area in the Tverrelvdalen valley in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.
It is famous as the residence of the subject of the Irish folk song song "Thady Quill".
The population was 7,355 at the 2010 census.
In the Kingdom of Poland and the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, Fałków belonged to the County of Opoczno, Sandomierz Voivodeship.
It lies approximately 8 km north of Wąsosz, 11 km south-east of Góra, and 61 km north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The village name was suggested by J.C. Blanchard in honor of Chief Pewamo, with whom he had hunted along the nearby Grand River.
Outlook travel considers it one of Karnataka's most beautiful beaches.
In 2001, the village of Westdorpe had 1317 inhabitants.
The New York State Thruway and I-87 run near Schuylerville connecting it with Albany, the Adirondacks, the Catskills, and New England.
The village is located at about 1060 metres above sea level.
Tomaszów Bolesławiecki [tɔˈmaʂuf bɔlɛswaˈvjɛt͡ski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta Bolesławiecka, within Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina.
Bawlf  is a village in Alberta, Canada located 25 kilometres east-southeast of Camrose.
It has two schools; the primary school for children up to fifth grade and a Higher Secondary School for students up to Grade twelfth.
The 0.18-square-kilometre village has a population of 247.
The village has an approximate population of 1,200.
Green and still scenic, this is one of the many communities and villages that makes up mainly-rural, but fast-urbanising Goa.
Mayville is a village in Tuscola County, in the U.S. state of Michigan.
In 1944 it housed several hundreds Dutchmen for Unfree labour on the local farms.
Mohwadi, Malwadi, Waghwadi, Walunjwadi are the wadi's of Village Kanse.
Ada ; AY-də; is a village in Hardin County, Ohio, United States.
The village is situated in the NH 66 connecting Vytilla with North Paravur.
Bukowiec [buˈkɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mysłakowice, within Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
The closest towns are Chełmża and Wąbrzeźno.
Årdal FK is an association football club which plays at Jotun stadium in Øvre Årdal.
There are three primary schools; Buniyadi Prathmik Shala, Anand Prathmic Shala and Kanya Prathmik Shala.
Ostrander is a village in Delaware County, Ohio, United States.
There is a post office at Challapeta.
The population was 636 at the 2010 census.
Muscoda is a village in Grant and Iowa counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.
It is part of the Battle Creek, Michigan Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Martin Purwa is part of the La Martiniere College estate.
Its population is 1,787 as of 2011.
Borgang is surrounded by the tae plantations of Williamson Magor.
Kromnów [ˈkrɔmnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kamienica, within Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
The Kjerringøy trading post is today a part of the Nordlands Museum .
The community was formed in 1838 as a stagecoach junction, and incorporated in 1928.
The population of this farming community is slightly over 2000.
The statistical area "Zandberg", which also can include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 110.
The village was destroyed during the long-lasting wars around Kabul.
Sallins is the anglicised name of Na Solláin which means "The Willows".
Elephants that are an integral part of certain temple rituals are trained here.
It is famous as the birthplace of Kanaka Dasa, a great saint from the Kuruba Gowda community.
It lies approximately 3 kilometres south-west of Bytów and 81 km west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
The village has cultivated land around it and the farmers irrigate their land well.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
The name later developed into the clan's surname it originally means lynch .
Lamud is a town in northern Peru, capital of Luya Province in Amazonas Region.
On January 1, 2008, it had 3,405 inhabitants.
In the 1990s as elsewhere in India, Neo-liberal policies of the government affected Mannathara's agro-economy as well.
Elakurichi a small village in Ariyalur district, Tamil Nadu, South India, is a Catholic pilgrimage center dedicated to Virgin Mary.
Parral is a village in Tuscarawas County, Ohio, United States.
A local auto road 2414 runs through the village.
People belongs almost 95% are Hindus, remaining Christians and few Muslims.
In 2001, the village of Hoedekenskerke had 561 inhabitants.
Lastly there is a father and son.
The village has a number of services: two public houses, a shop, an organic restaurant and a filling station.
The population was 286 at the 2010 census.
Mopungchuket is about 15 km from the heart of the town of Mokokchung.
The population was 3,454 at the 2010 census.
In September 2007 archeological excavations revealed a tomb of what is believed to be the burial site of a Macedonian king dating 4th century BC.
Post office of this village is located at near by village Pauni Hasanpur.
It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Wiślica.
Nordkjosbotn Church is located in this village.
Melechinnar is a small village in Idukki district of Kerala, India and is situated on the banks of a small river, the Chinnar.
including the opening of the first hotel of The Leela Group in 1988.
New Straitsville is a village in Perry County, Ohio, United States.
This number has decreased to 98 in 1998 and 81 in 2003.
The old remains discovered in the excavations prove that.
The population was 308 at the 2010 census.
Torget is the administrative centre of Hurdal municipality, Norway.
The wooden church was renovated in 1899.
Further up the hill, is "The Boutique House Bar" that serves delightful cocktails while DJs play late into the night.
As of the 2010 Census, Angola had a population of 2,127.
Letka is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Past tourist attractions were Kiidk'yaas which was illegally felled by Grant Hadwin in 1997, and the White Raven, which has died.
Lorevilko is a village in northeast Espiritu Santo, Sanma Province, Vanuatu.
Nearby localities include Ayn al-Sharqiyah and Beit Yashout to the east and Siyano, Jableh and Bustan al-Basha to the northwest.
The population was 253 at the 2010 census.
Guruvayankere is a village in Beltangadi Taluk of Dakshina Kannada district in the country of India.
The European route E39 highway passes by the village and the Sørlandet Line runs right through the village, stopping at Sira Station.
It is about 18 km from Neredcherla and 32 km from Miryalaguda.
Barauni Junction is the nearest railway station.
It's about 24 km north of Mangalore city.
Harrisburg is a village in Boone County, Missouri, United States.
Nirvan is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District, Alut District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.
Buckland is a village in Auglaize County, Ohio, United States.
The Oppdal Airport, Fagerhaug is located in the village.
In 1961, Forsnes was connected to Kristiansund by ferry, the first ferry connection to the island.
Kitahatu is a village in Murhu block, District Ranchi, in the Indian state of Jharkhand.
Taynuilt is a large village in Argyll and Bute, Scotland located at the western entrance to the narrow Pass of Brander.
Ganikapudi  is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The population was 1,069 at the 2010 census.
Vanala is a village and former Rajput princely state on Saurashtra peninsula in Gujarat state, western India.
State Highway SH-74 abuts Kandavara on the west side, and links Kandavara to Chikballapur in the north and the village of Nandi in the south.
Dźwierzuty [d͡ʑvjɛˈʐutɨ] is a village in Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
Bartlett is a village in, and the county seat of, Wheeler County, Nebraska, United States.
The village is located on the small island of Havøya, but is connected to the mainland by the Havøysund Bridge.
It is a small area inhabited by around 1,870 people which is almost a 2% decrease from the 2006 to 2002 census.
Maribel is a village in Manitowoc County, Wisconsin, United States.
Reczul [ˈrɛt͡ʂul] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
Sikkal is a small township located between Thiruvarur and Nagapattinam in Tamil Nadu, India.
According to Jankowski, Smardzów was registered as Szwedowo in 1507.
Dexter City was laid out in 1870, and named after Dexter W. Sullivan, an early settler.
Podkamień [pɔtˈkamjɛɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nysa, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
The National Hillclimb Cycling Championships will be held in the village on 3rd October 2015 see www.valleywheelerscc.com.
Clondulane is a village in north County Cork, Ireland, 3.5m east of Fermoy, just off the Main Fermoy-Dungarvan Road.
It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Kościelisko.
The village was named after the old salt pans that are in the bay.
Włodków Dolny [ˈvwɔtkuf ˈdɔlnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Saripalli is a village in Nellimarla mandal of Vizianagaram district in Andhra Pradesh, India.
Florida is a village in Henry County, Ohio, United States, along the Maumee River.
Kiryas Joel is a village within the town of Monroe in Orange County, New York, United States.
It was a sacred place for the meditation of Sri Govindarama Yathivarya during 16th century.
It lies approximately 14 kilometres north of Skierniewice and 58 km north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
Manavasi is a village in Southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu between the cities of Karur and Trichy.
From that moment on, Acquoy, like Arkel itself and Gellicum, belonged to the Lordship of Arkel.
It lies approximately 11 kilometres south of Bircza, 30 km south-west of Przemyśl, and 59 km south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
Policing is done by the Kativik Regional Police Force.
It was depopulated by the Israel Defense Forces during the 1948-1950 period and remains deserted.
It is located approximately 18 miles west of the Chicago Loop in the southeastern portion of DuPage County.
Grafton is a village in Lorain County, Ohio, United States, along the East Branch of the Black River.
According to the census made by Statistics Mauritius in 2011, the population was at 5,070.
Paud is a small village in the heart of the Mulshi valley in India.
Vaddangi is a village in Srikakulam District in Andhra Pradesh, India.
The built-up area of the town was 0.11 km², and contained 125 residences.
In 2000 the citizens of Salado voted in favor of re-incorporation, before which point it was a census-designated place.
It is part of the Dayton Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Today Palangad is paying respect for its champion who is leaving for Kuwait.Palangad is proud of you.
Elkhart Lake is a village in Sheboygan County, Wisconsin, United States, located within the northwestern part of the county within the Town of Rhine.
The village has a population of 518.
The area is also home to two golf courses, Lommedalen Golf Club and Bærum Golf Club.
In 1843, the town had almost 1800 residents, living in 207 houses.
Nalvi نلوی is a village in Haryana, India.
It sells animals such as elephants and cow herders.
It is a point on many searchable satellite or internet maps.
Clinton, however, does sit immediately below the southern edge of the Cariboo Plateau.
In 2006 the village had a population of 1,800.
It lies approximately 11 kilometres north-west of Osiecznica, 23 km north-west of Bolesławiec, and 126 km west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Rajwadi is a small hamlet in the village of Nivendi near Ganapatipule in the Ratnagiri district of Maharashtra.
The population was 199 at the 2010 census.
It empties into the gulf between Praia da Colónia Açoriana and Praia do Morrão.
The village became a civil parish on 1 April 2004.
Dalmsholte is a village in the Dutch province of Overijssel.
The population was 112 at the 2010 census.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
The village is located along the Høydalsfjorden, about 6 kilometres southeast of the village of Nyttingnes and about 10 kilometres west of the village of Eikefjord.
This unity that has nurtured has become stronger over the years has helped set up various projects in their home village of Samatra.
Nesvík is home to a religious camp of the conservative Inner Mission of the national church, and a conference center called Leguhusið í Nesvík.
Åneby is a village in the municipality of Nittedal, Norway.
Clarendon Hills is a village in DuPage County, Illinois, United States.
Stewart Manor is a village in Nassau County, New York in the United States.
In 2007, the Village of Mariemont was designated a National Historic Landmark.
The village is named after Panama Rocks, a large rock formation south of the village.
The council will decide which ideas will become reality in early 2009.
It is on National Highway 208, about 58 km south-west of Madurai and well connected by road with Madurai, Tenkasi.
Garividi mandal is one of the mandals in Vizianagaram district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The current boat is a Mersey class lifeboat, the RNLB Doris Bleasedale, and is unique in Ireland being beach-launched.
Thomaston is a village in eastern Great Neck in Nassau County, New York in the United States.
Other nearby villages are Leitir Móir and An Cheathrú Rua.
The first known mention of Bystrzyca Stara dates back to 1399.
At that time the place was just a forest and was populated later.
Railway connectivity for cement industries is passing through this village.
The population was 3,319 at the 2010 census.
The name of the village commemorates the Battle of Marathon.
It lies approximately 24 kilometres south-west of Włodawa and 53 km north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The centre of the village is called "Under The Mango".
This building was destroyed by the Germans in World War II.
Røra is a village and former municipality in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
Muruvika or Muruvik is a village in the municipality of Malvik in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
The settlement was established in the 1880s but only came to prominence in the 1960s after the harbour was developed.
It lies just north of the regional capital Poznań, approximately 9 km from the city centre.
The statistical area "Aalst", which also includes the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 2020.
It lies approximately 13 kilometres west of Złotów and 105 km north of the regional capital Poznań.
Wapno [ˈvapnɔ] is a village in Wągrowiec County, in the Greater Poland Voivodeship, close to the border with Żnin County.
Primary employment is manufacturing related and agricultural.
Deurningen is a village in the Dutch province of Overijssel.
During the 1990 election, Earl Williams was elected parliamentary representative, running for the United Workers Party.
Preliminary results from the 2016 Census gives the three Electoral Divisions a total population of 590.
The village has a population of 1,200.
The main land owner was a Jewish family, surname Ringel, who was taken away by the Russians during or after the war.
Łogdowo lies close to the site of the Battle of Grunwald.
Areas that compose Årnes are among others Årnes sentrum, Runni, Drognes, Høie, Fjuk, Dragsjø, Kjus, Fjellfoten, Bodding, Henni, Husmo, Østgård, Bjørknes and Sagstua.
Itasca  is a village in DuPage County, Illinois, United States.
Eel River Crossing is a Canadian village in Restigouche County, New Brunswick.
The village is located almost entirely within Holly Township with a very small portion extending into Rose Township.
The village has a population of 360.
It can be considered part of the conurbation of Gaborone.
It is located about 50 km from Varanasi.
It is located north of New Hempstead, east of Harriman State Park, north of Monsey and west of Mount Ivy.
It is situated on banks of a nullah.
It lies approximately 5 kilometres north-west of Głowno, 24 km north-east of Zgierz, and 27 km north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
It lies approximately 3 kilometres north-west of Abramów, 22 km west of Lubartów, and 32 km north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
Back in the year 1637, Margionys had 11 households.
The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority and its population numbers 1,004 people.
The Arabic el tag translates as "crown" in English, and derives from the position above the Kufra basin.
Kľúčovec is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.
The village has an approximate population of 279 people as of April 2011.
Scandinavia is a village in the Town of Scandinavia in Waupaca County, Wisconsin, United States.
Oldemarkt was a separate municipality until 1973, when it became a part of IJsselham.
The Vikhammer Station on the Nordland Line is located in the village.
Goleszów [ɡɔˈlɛʂuf] is a village and the seat of Gmina Goleszów in Cieszyn County in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland.
Port Greville was the location of the construction of many sailing ships used in trade mainly with the American New England states.
Kloosterburen was a separate municipality until 1990, when it was merged with Leens, Ulrum and Eenrum.
Dunquin lies at the most westerly tip of the Dingle Peninsula, overlooking the Blasket Islands.
It is located in Chebrolu mandal of Tenali revenue division.
Chemists William Crookes and Claude-Auguste Lamy discovered thallium independently in 1861, in residues of sulfuric acid production.
It is located at 15°26′9″N 61°26′13″W and is a part of the country's St. Joseph administrative division.
Glinnik [ˈɡlinnik] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Abramów, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
Gibbs is a village in Wilson Township, Adair County, Missouri, United States.
The Kallada River passes through the village.
Kuravara, Poozhanadu, Pakkottukonam, Plavoor, Kunnanadu, Perekkonam, Valicode are some neighbouring places of Mandapathinkadavu.
It is situated in the autonomous province of Vojvodina.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1,103 people.
At the 2006 census, its population was 92, in 29 families.
The Mauritius government has built gabions to address this erosion, but the subsequent tidal damage has raised concerns about its quality and stability.
The village is located at the northern end of the Skjoldafjorden, along the European route E134 highway, about 25 kilometres northeast of the town of Haugesund.
Halfweg is a town in the Dutch province of North Holland.
It is 10 kilometres from Tonk on the Tonk – Kota road.
It lies approximately halfway between the cities of Leeuwarden and Groningen, in the northern part of the municipality of Achtkarspelen.
Lipnice [lipˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
The Village of Monticello is in the central part of Thompson, adjacent to New York Route 17.
The triangle-shaped island off the coast is called Bleiksøya.
It is situated about six miles southeast of the city of Ogdensburg, in the Town of Oswegatchie.
It lies approximately 21 km south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
Petaia's father was from Lalomalava on the island of Savai'i.
The eastern terminus of Poland's National Road 4 and the Polish A4 motorway are located at Korczowa.
Stara Oleszna [ˈstara ɔˈlɛʂna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec, within Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
The population was 575 at the 2010 census.
It also researches cocoa growing, including its production, protection and increasing drought resistance.
It is known for being the site of the first victim of the Leopard of Rudraprayag.
Scotia is a village in Schenectady County, New York, United States, incorporated in 1904.
Bøstad is a village in the municipality of Vestvågøy in Nordland county, Norway.
The population was 79 at the 2010 census.
Government LPS Kamukumchery, Government New LPS Kamukumchery and UPS Kamukumchery
Gangadhara Nellore or G.D. Nellore is a village in Chittoor district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Brookville is a rural community in Cumberland County, Nova Scotia.
The population was 307 at the 2010 census.
Founded on May 31, 1883, it is the oldest surviving community on Kootenay Lake.
Today only a few houses are left.
Cultural activities are being conducted annually by NSS Karayogam, one of the oldest Nair service society Branch.
Jong is a district in the municipality of Bærum, Norway.
It is part of the Joplin, Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Kinvarra is also a District Electoral Division.
So it has gained popularity among the masses as a junction for shopping.
Telenor Mobil is an important employer, as is public service, fishing, and commercial salmon fish farming.
Witoszyce [vitɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
The underground caves of Bayt Jibrin have been listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Kilrossanty GAA sports club is based in Lemybrien.
Almena is a village in Barron County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.
Pugwash is a Canadian village in Cumberland County, Nova Scotia.
A significant impact on democratic representation, as well as threats to local values and determination are some of the major concerns.
The population was 139 at the 2010 census.
It was a mission location when the American Ceylon Mission came to Sri Lanka in the 19th century.
The local sports team is Rygene IL.
Education facility up to 10th standard is available in the village and number of students is 700.
Żelazowa Wola has a population of 65.
Andenes  is a village and former municipality in the Vesterålen district of Nordland county, Norway.
Gola Bazar is among the largest cattle market in Bihar.
Various avian species migrate from across the globe in different seasons for breeding.
Chondimukhed or Chondi Mukhed or Muthkhed is a village belonging to the Aurad Taluk of Bidar district in the state of Karnataka, India.
Alchi is a village in the Leh district of Jammu and Kashmir, India.
It is the only village in Mallapur mandal which has the highest literacy contribution.
An adjacent road goes from NH-66 towards Pakshikere, Kinnigoli, and Kateel.
Milotice nad Opavou is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
It is part of the Youngstown-Warren-Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The village had a total land area of 56,185 dunams or 56.1 km2, of which 0.28 km2 were built-up while the rest remained farmland.
Jellis Fonda died in 1659, only 45 years old.
It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Marklowice.
Thotapalli or Thota Palli is a village in Nagaram mandal, Guntur District, Andhra Pradesh, India.
It is about 105 kilometres from Mangalore, connected by train and road.
It is a part of the Bapatla parliamentary and Santhanuthalapadu assembly constituency.
A road was never built to Slættanes, but there are many trails there.
Jööri is a village in Valjala Parish, Saare County, Estonia, on the island of Saaremaa.
It is located on National Highway 13 running between Solapur in Maharashtra passing through Bijapur, Hospet, Chitradurga, Shimoga and ending at Mangalore in Karnataka
Trstená na Ostrove is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
The municipality encompassed the northern part of the island of Andøya in the present-day municipality of Andøy.
The village is home to fishing, salt mining, and small-scale manufacturing and is situated on the Northumberland Strait at the mouth of the Pugwash River.
Molk is a village in Garmeh-ye Shomali Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Wojszyn [ˈvɔi̯ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pęcław, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Tutermaa is a village in Harku Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.
The church in Argir was built in 1974.
"Just how the name of Minto came to be adopted is said to have occurred in this way.
Both municipalities have since been incorporated into Arendal.
Ballyboy or Ballaboy is a village in County Offaly, Ireland.
Seville is a village in Medina County, Ohio, United States.
Durgi stone craft originated here in the 15th century.
It lies approximately 6 kilometres south-east of Murowana Goślina and 18 km north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
The statistical area "Poortvliet", which also can include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 1720.
Whitney is a village in Dawes County, Nebraska, United States.
The village has gained popularity as of recent times, due to the presence of "Central University".
Ionia is a village in Benton and Pettis counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Brestovac is a village and a municipality in eastern Croatia, located west of Požega.
The village boasts of an Indian Overseas Bank branch, a post office and other basic amenities.
The population density is 1,270 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Its surrounded by thick forests, which have been a lifeline for the people who live here.
Pavshyno is better known for the site of a "Temporary Detention Centre" for refugees.
In 2001, the village of Ursem had 2142 inhabitants.
It is on the Manjeri - Malappuram road, about 3 km away from Manjeri.
It lies approximately 2 kilometres south of Sorkwity, 11 km west of Mrągowo, and 44 km east of the regional capital Olsztyn.
In 1942 they were replaced with Soviet prisoners, and the camp was placed under the administration of Stalag VIII-C near Żagań.
During partitions this region of the country was called Galicia.
National Waterway 3 passes through the place.
Every year in the summer season, people gather here for Urs.
The Village of Whitesboro is inside the Town of Whitestown.
The population was 830 at the 2010 census.
For the history of the site see in chronological order Maresha, Beit Guvrin, Eleutheropolis, Bethgibelin, Bayt Jibrin, Kibbutz Beit Guvrin and Beit Guvrin National Park
The population density of Mære is 1,208 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Half the land is woods and open space.
It lies approximately 12 kilometres south-west of Puławy and 49 km west of the regional capital Lublin.
The statistical area "Drouwen", which can also include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 490.
The village is located within the Town of Radisson and was named in honor of the early French explorer, Pierre-Esprit Radisson.
It lies approximately 4 kilometres north of Murowana Goślina and 23 km north of the regional capital Poznań.
From year 2004 this village is receiving good quality of television cable connectivity from the nearby town Arni.
The population was 1,178 at the 2010 census.
In 1947, the Chinese named the island Zhaoshu Dao to commemorate Zhao Shu who accompanied Zheng He's expeditions in high seas.
Keserovina is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia.
Hustad has the Stemshest mountains to the east and there are five lakes nearby that are well-stocked with trout.
It is part of the Springfield, Ohio Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Nurani is a village in Palakkad district of Kerala state in India comprising Tamil Brahmins.
A little further north along the Warta is the Śnieżycowy Jar nature reserve, founded in 1975 and now covering 9 hectares.
Sørvik also has its own soccer team called SMIL.
The inhabitants of the village don't recall precisely when their association with the game began.
It is a planned town with a population of 25,549 as of February 2010.
Additionally, the village continues to see considerable residential growth.
Alawites refer to it as Sheikh Sobeh while Christians call it Saint Mama.
Located at the crossroads of the R363 and the R357 it was formerly known as Thomas Street.
The 1.89-square-kilometre village has a population of 1,881; giving the village a population density of 995 inhabitants per square kilometre.
It is situated in the Bačka Topola municipality, in the North Bačka District, Vojvodina province.
It is located in the municipality of Leeuwarden, about 10 km south of the city of Leeuwarden.
Żarnowiec [ʐarˈnɔvjɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
Ribera is a small unincorporated community in San Miguel County, New Mexico, United States.
The population was 231 at the 2010 census.
The village has been known since 1496.
Dziemiany pronounced [ d͡ʑeˈmjanɨ ] is a village in Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
Toftir is part of a chain of villages stretching over a distance of 10 kilometres on the east side of Skálafjørður on Eysturoy island.
Lawrence is a village in Nassau County, New York in the United States.
Varak is a village in Alamut-e Pain Rural District, Rudbar-e Alamut District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.
Woldendorp is a village in the Dutch province of Groningen.
The major occupation of the Athigarattyians is tea plantation.
The people dwelling here belong to the Tripuri tribe and their language is Kokborok.
During that time a vidya called Sanjivani Viday was performed here to make alive to dead person.
Pandanadu is a village in Chengannur taluk in Alappuzha district, in Kerala, India.
It is situated in the Ruma municipality, in the Srem District, Vojvodina province.
Former and merged names for the community include Webster's Creek and Winding Ledges.
Birkali is a village in the state of Rajasthan, India.
The community was named for John of Barneveld of the Netherlands.
The castle is administered by Fond Janáčkovy Hukvaldy and is open from April until October.
The village is one of the 21 breeding sites existing in India.
Falconer is within the town of Ellicott and is on the eastern edge of the city of Jamestown.
The name Valayanchirangara means "Valanja Chirayude Kara", a land on the shore of a curve shaped pond.
Abod is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county, Hungary.
They supported both the leaders in 1986 and after 2000.
The village has an approximate population of 220.
Paranur has been declared a special economic zone since October 2005; companies like Infosys and BMW have started units in this village.
Rafsbotn is a village in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.
One of the points of interest near Hellissandur is the Snæfellsjökull glacier, made famous by Jules Verne in his Journey to the Center of the Earth.
Near the Surya Kund there is a shila called Divya Shila, which is worshipped before puja is offered to the deity.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Harkstede has about 3000 inhabitants, which makes it one of the smaller villages in the area.
Congress is a village in Wayne County, Ohio, United States.
Many Demir Kapija residents still use the land in or near Barovo to cultivate grapes.
The village of Gamvik lies about 16 kilometres to the east and the village of Kjøllefjord lies about 30 kilometres to the southwest.
Wielkie [ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Abramów, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
By the peak of naval operations on 18 March, Sedd el Bahr and Kum Kale, across the straits, had been eliminated as threats.
The population was 258 at the 2000 census.
Lipienica [lipjɛˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamienna Góra, within Kamienna Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
So, it is a centre point and well connected to the Jaffna town by transport services before the late 1980s.
Forest Research Center at Mandar and Patratu Thermal Power Station at Patratu, Hazaribagh are within a short distance.
In her memory the renowned poet Kalamega Pulavar gave the name to this village.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It is a part of the municipality of Buren, and lies about 8 km southwest of Veenendaal.
This was agreed upon by priests in the 18th century, who claimed there were not enough members of the clergy to operate fully in both parishes.
Galbally is in quite a picturesque location, in a valley overlooked by the Galtee Mountains.
It is located near the shore along the Samnangerfjorden in northern Fusa, about 7.5 kilometres northwest of the municipal center of Eikelandsosen.
According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the village had a population of 2,041 mostly Muslim inhabitants in 2007.
It lies approximately 5 kilometres north-east of Janowiec, 8 km south of Puławy, and 46 km west of the regional capital Lublin.
It is named after a small point extending into Lake Michigan.
Aktas or Aqtas is a village in Almaty Region of south-eastern Kazakhstan.
Weston is located just 10 miles west of Bowling Green, Ohio, a university town.
Burk's Falls is part of the Magnetawan River waterway.
This village has a recently built dam which connects the two High Hills and blocks a free flowing terrain.
Cherai has the longest beach in Kochi - the Cherai beach.
The village has a population of 480.
Hattiangadi is a village in Kundapura taluk of Udupi district.
Mørsvikbotn is a small village located in the north part of the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county, Norway.
Ravikamatham is a village and a mandal in Visakhapatnam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
The Deliblatska Peščara, the largest sandy area in Europe, was named after this village.
Webberville is a village in Travis County, Texas.
It is surrounded by the Slieve Felim Mountains.
Hartland is a village in Waukesha County, Wisconsin, along the Bark River, and is a suburb of Milwaukee.
Cabauw used to be a separate municipality.
Berle is a village on the west coast of Norway.
Existing 2 lakes total area is shrinking day by day and government is yet to take any action even after giving many complaints.
Odaimarichan is a small village in the Tirunelveli district of Tamil Nadu State in South India.
The northern part is where the large shopping mall is located while the southern part is still in its original state with scattered buildings and shops.
It lies approximately 4 kilometres west of Firlej, 15 km north-west of Lubartów, and 37 km north of the regional capital Lublin.
It was relocated here in 1931 from the Subcarpathian Rus.
Chatsworth is a community in Grey County, Ontario, Canada, part of the Township of Chatsworth.
The waters are then said to flow underground to emerge as the Kaveri river some distance away.
It is close to Biebrza National Park.
Tamor Pingla Wildlife Sanctuary is a major attraction nearby.
This is the reason why the NRI population of the town has been successful abroad, plus the sporting and military achievements of the people of Chabbewal.
The college has been open in its current existence since 1955.
The institution is one of the oldest in India and is quite popular in the state.
Kadidal Manjappa and the renowned orthopedic surgeon Dr. K.T.
The plastic Santa Claus named Gollis is also located here.
Windham is part of the Akron Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Lyons is a village in Ionia County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Dobřejovice is a village in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
The population was 523 at the 2010 census.
It lies approximately 9 kilometres north of Pszczyna and 22 km south of the regional capital Katowice.
Abbakka Queen of Ullala was an ardent devotee of Sri Somanatha.
In 1642, Jellis Douwese Fonda, an innkeeper in Aegum, married Hester Jansz in Diemen, near Amsterdam.
The village has a population of 796.
There are 110 villages under this Taluka.
It lies partly in Erie County and partly in Cattaraugus County.
On 1 January 2016, the village had 6,205 inhabitants.
Rayavaram is a small village in markapur Mandal in the district of [prakasam district]in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Punnyurkulam is a village in Thrissur district of Kerala, the southwestern state of India.
Weather-worn cookshops and bars line the sand's edge, supplying food staples such as curried goat and Red Stripe beer.
It is located five miles east of the Capital city of Poonch District, Rawalakot.
It was taken over by the French in 1746, and destroyed by the British in 1752.
Recently, the construction plans are being reconsidered.
The population was 1,335 at the 2010 census.
Dusznica [duʂˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
In 1827, when the town belonged to Russian-controlled Congress Poland, the population was 1314.
The 0.81-square-kilometre village has a population of 721, which gives the village a population density of 890 inhabitants per square kilometre.
It is located at the southern tip of the lake Norsjø.
It is located in Thipparthy mandal of Nalgonda division.
It lies approximately 18 kilometres north of Szczytno and 31 km east of the regional capital Olsztyn.
The land surrounding the village is arid, production of crops is totally dependent on seasonal rainfall.
Bee is a village in Seward County, Nebraska, United States.
Arcadia is a village in Hancock County, Ohio, United States.
There are several Hindu temples located within the village Veeranjaneya,Beeralingeshwara,Keresanthe, Laxmidevi, Revanasiddeswara, Bhandimaramma, Gosappa, gullamma, Kedareswara, satyanarayana, Banashankari temple,kupendra swamy,rudreshwara temple etc.
The population was 169 at the 2010 census.
Malenovice is a village in Frýdek-Místek District, Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic.
Very famous for its night market, "The Saturday Night Market".
The Village of Clinton, site of Hamilton College, is within the Town of Kirkland.
Khichan is a village in Rajasthan state of India.
Drumcliff or Drumcliffe is a village in County Sligo, Ireland.
The total area of the village was 134.05 square kilometres.
The population was 872 at the 2010 census.
Fredonia is a village in Ozaukee County, Wisconsin, United States.
It is named after Tring, a town in Hertfordshire, England.
Nangamangalam is a village in the Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh in India.
It is located on the island of Langøya on the northern shore of the Hadselfjorden.
Sparbu sits along European route E6, and it is also the location of Sparbu Station on the Nordland Line.
According to the 2011 census data, it has a population of 17,432.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Siddeburen was a separate municipality until 1826, when it was merged with Slochteren.
The population was 612 at the 2010 census.
Przystronie [pʂɨsˈtrɔɲe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagiewniki, within Dzierżoniów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
This village is split in two parts as Avahne Khurda and Avhane Budruk.
The Village of Stirling is also referred to as Stirling Agricultural Village due to its designation as a National Historic Site of Canada.
There was a grand 'Gurumat chetna yatra' started from this Gurudwara in 2004 in memory of completion of 400 years of Gurugranth sahib.
Zaidpur is a village and a nagar panchayat in the Barabanki district, Uttar Pradesh, India.
There is also a park in Vikhammer called "Vikhov park" which got its name because the Vikings had their houses in that area.
Renesse was a separate municipality until 1961, when it was merged with Westerschouwen.
Food available to tourists is brought from the cruise ships.
This is one of the Nilgiri Ghat Roads.
The population was 880 at the 2010 census.
Starting from 2011, it belongs to the new-formed Mayabeque Province
The wider statistical area of Zwaanshoek has a population of around 1660.
A few remaining houses left of the Oder were incorporated into the German municipality of Ziltendorf.
It is one of the biggest villages of Ganjam district, having more than 15,000 people.
Agricultural is the major source of income.There is a church name lourd matha church and there is a publication name is vayal from vayal cultural forum.
Gouldsboro is a village and census-designated place in Lehigh Township, Wayne County, and Coolbaugh Township, Monroe County, in Pennsylvania.
There is a regularly scheduled ferry route from Stårheim to the small village of Isane, located about 4 kilometres south across the Nordfjorden.
Wellsburg is located in the southeast part of the town of Ashland.
Small portions extend east into the adjacent Town of Bloomer, Chippewa County and north into the Town of Dovre in Barron County.
Unadilla is a village in Otoe County, Nebraska, United States.
By the year 2001, however, the population has dwindled down to 24 people in 14 private homes.
The village is located within Ash Township and is served by Airport Community Schools.
To'alepaiali'i was a Cabinet Minister in Samoa during the 1980s.
It is located approximately 100 km southwest of Edmonton.
Kalvåg is a village in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
Dora-sani-padu is a small village near Dwaraka Tirumala in India.
Aer Arann Islands is headquartered in Inverin.
Karan is a village in western Serbia, located in the municipality of Užice, in the Zlatibor District.
Momarka is a village in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
The majority of the population are Rawa Rajputs.
In 1941 the Bergmann Battalion and Nachtigall Battalion trained in Neuhammer.
Its favourable geographic position in the south-western part of Dinaric regions, provides an excellent connection for traffic between Central Croatia inland and the Adriatic Sea.
Hyżne [ˈxɨʐnɛ] is a village in Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
Appankoil is a small hamlet on the northern side of the river Tamirabarani, after Tentirupperai in Tamil Nadu, India.
Faimulivai Marsh is a freshwater marsh in Aunu'u Crater and the largest such wetland in American Samoa.
It is used by MFL for various aviation sport activities, such as parachuting and gliding.
The bio diversity of the place is well known since the British.
The ruins of palaces, Garrisons, stables and other structures stand as mute witness to the valour and pride of the fort.
Kiełczyn [ˈkʲɛu̯t͡ʂɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierżoniów, within Dzierżoniów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Kamalapuram is a panchayat in Warangal district in the Indian state of Telangana State.
The population was 192 at the 2010 census.
The village features a general store and a harbour.
This town was also featured in Alfred Hitchcock's film Strangers on a Train.
The population was 347 at the 2010 census.
It is a young village; until after the second World War, it was only a hamlet, named Echtenpolder.
It is located on the northern part of Senja, the second largest island in Norway.
The tribal groups were incorporated into this process of extraction of forest resources.
It was depopulated in the 1948 Arab–Israeli War.
Benneveld is a village in the Netherlands and it is part of the Coevorden municipality in Drenthe.
Sangeli people think that one pole goes to Kashi.
Fjærland Church is located in the village, serving the whole Fjærland area.
The place is the birthplace of Sukumar Azhikode, an influential thinker and literary critic.
As of the 2010 census, the village population was 16,446.
Today, the village and the surrounding parish serves agricultural purposes primarily and a significant percentage of local families have some connection with agriculture in Knockanore.
This village has a Serbian ethnic majority and its population numbers 370 people, according to the 2002 census.
The statistical area "Halfweg", which also can include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 2330.
Bruno is a village in Butler County, Nebraska, United States.
It is the mandal headquarters of Nellikudur mandal.
The population was 830 at the 2010 census.
It is within Kilcommon parish in the barony of Erris.
It is included in the Sheboygan, Wisconsin Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Walthill is a village in Thurston County, Nebraska, United States, within the Omaha Reservation.
It is the county seat of Brown County.
It is an area with brick Gothic churches, stately farms, and endless views over the land, all the way to the Wadden Sea.
Pleasant Dale is a village in Seward County, Nebraska, United States.
Balligavi is located 72 km from Shivamogga city and 21 km from Shikaripura town and 2.3 KM from Shiralakoppa in Shikaripura taluk.
It lies approximately 4 km south of Żukowice, 8 km west of Głogów, and 95 km north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
It lies approximately 4 kilometres south of Stara Kamienica, 14 kilometres west of Jelenia Góra, and 108 kilometres west of the regional capital Wrocław.
It is most famous for the phenomenon of birds "committing suicide".
Alamarathupatti is the name of a village 4 km from Thiruthangal and 6 km from Sivakasi in Virudunagar District, Tamil Nadu.
The village is located on the mainland of the Lindås peninsula, along the shore of the Alverstraumen strait.
Arpora is a village close to the North Goa beach belt, in India's tourism-destination state.
Johnson is a village in Nemaha County, Nebraska, United States.
The built-up area of the town was 0.28 km², and contained 328 residences.
It lies approximately 8 km south of Jawor, and 62 km west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Tuxedo Park is a village within the southern part of the town of Tuxedo, near New York Route 17 and the New York State Thruway.
Ruidoso is a resort community close to the slopes of Ski Apache, the Mescalero Apache Tribe-owned ski resort on Sierra Blanca, a 12,000-foot mountain.
A few grocery shops are there to serve the needs of the locals.
As of February 2015, the village had an estimated population of 3,698 and a population density of 57.6 persons per km².
The western boundary of the parish follows the canalized River Grift and is also the boundary with the Province of Utrecht.
It is about 25 km south of Dublin city centre.
In 2005, Statkraft constructed a wind farm near the mountain Gartefjellet, with a maximum capacity of 40 megawatts.
With the nearby additions of Interstate 94 in the late 1950s and Michigan International Speedway in the late 1960s, Brooklyn established a year-round population.
Salamsingh Ki Dhani is a small village in the outskirts of the Sikar city in the Indian state of Rajasthan.
Funningsfjørður is a village located at the end of a fjord of the same name.
It is part of the Weirton–Steubenville, WV-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Tadvai is a village and mandal headquarters in Jayashankar district, Telangana, India.
It is consistently the top desired home location in Scotland, and among the top five desired locations in the UK.
Hildreth is a village in Franklin County, Nebraska, United States.
Ciechanów [t͡ɕeˈxanuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jemielno, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Powhatan Point is the closest town on the Ohio side of Captina Island in the Ohio River.
Bible Hill is a Canadian village in Colchester County, Nova Scotia.
The population was 590 at the 2010 census.
The Langsund Tunnel is an undersea tunnel that is being built about 10 kilometres south of Hansnes, that will connect the islands of Ringvassøya and Reinøya.
Koszęcin [kɔˈʂɛnt͡ɕin] is a village in Lubliniec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
Shamirpet is a suburb in the Medchal district of the Indian state of Telangana.
As of the 2010 census, the population declined from the 2006 figure to 28,165.
According to the 2002 census, it has a population of 196.
It is part of the Youngstown-Warren-Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Bel-Nor is a northwestern suburban village of St. Louis in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.
The village lies east of the villages of Dyrnes and Råket on the northern coast of the island of Smøla.
It is about 10 km from Tirunelveli, a district headquarters in Tamil Nadu, South India.
Nellikudur is a village in Mahabubabad district of the Indian state of Telangana.
It lies approximately 6 km west of Wąsosz, 13 km south-east of Góra, and 57 km north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Port Havannah is a port village on Efate Island in Vanuatu.
Ayippuzha is a hamlet in Pattannur, the Kannur district, state of Kerala, India.
Since 1 January 2011 Andijk has been part of Medemblik municipality.
It is a part of the municipality of Goeree-Overflakkee, and lies about 13 km south of Hellevoetsluis.
It is the county seat of Hitchcock County.
It lies approximately 5 kilometres south-west of Jemielno, 18 km south of Góra, and 57 km north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Louisburg is a village in Dallas County, Missouri, United States.
People are well behaved and share the social responsibility.
It is situated in the Senta municipality, in the North Banat District, Vojvodina province.
Bhikawadi is 14 km away from Vita.
Przyszowice [pʂɨʂɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gierałtowice, within Gliwice County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
The festival happens every year towards the last 2 weeks of January or first 2 weeks of February.
Haugen is a village in Barron County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.
Pender Harbour is a harbour on British Columbia's Sunshine Coast, on the east side of Malaspina Strait.
It is located in an inlet on the inner part of the Altafjorden, about 10 kilometres from the town of Alta.
Cliffoney, officially Cliffony, meaning "hurdled thicket"), is a village in north County Sligo, Ireland.
Main surnames are: Ghumans, Tiwanas, Dhaliwals, Behlas etc.
It is home to the vast campus of the Mangalore University which is also known as Mangalagangothri.
It lies approximately 8 kilometres north-east of Miękinia, 19 kilometres north-east of Środa Śląska, and 18 kilometres north-west of central Wrocław.
It is situated in the Vršac municipality, South Banat District, Vojvodina province.
This village is known for having people of all castes and producing high literacy rate.
As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 50.
The village lies about 25 kilometres northwest of Sulęcin and 36 kilometres southwest of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
On July 31 1991 a still illegal Lithuanian border post was, attacked by the Soviet OMON forces.
Longkhum is renowned for its handicraft and handloom items.
It is on the eastern end of Éfaté Island.
It is located in Polavaram mandal of Jangareddygudem revenue division at about 35 km away from the banks of Godavari River.
The majority of the population are engaged in agriculture, with a vast array of crops being grown, through the latest techniques.
The population was 2,833 at the 2010 census estimates.
Bogoria has a population of  1,053, and belongs to historic Lesser Poland.
Communities such as Obetz and its neighbors, with their strong ties to transportation helped to further cement Central and Columbus, Ohio's status as the state capital.
Clair is a Canadian village in Madawaska County, New Brunswick.
Beverly is a village in Washington County, Ohio, United States.
Karukutty is a village panchayat in Ernakulam district of Kerala, India.
Sengapaduthankadu is the birthplace of the great poet Pattukkottai Kalyanasundaram.
The population was 82 at the 2010 census.
Smerup is parish-of-ease to the neighboring village Store Spjellerup, but is itself church city for the larger neighboring village Store Torøje.
The village is in Essex Township in the northern part of the county.
Poortvliet was a separate municipality until 1971, when it was merged with Tholen.
Corianino is a small village in eastern San Marino.
In recent history, there has been a negative demographic trend in this village.
Wausaukee is a village in Marinette County, Wisconsin, in the United States.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Shirud is situated on the confluence of two rivers, Bori & Mandur .
Sloatsburg is a village in the town of Ramapo in Rockland County, New York, United States.
The community has the highest median household income in the Akron Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Bilthoven is a village in the Dutch province of Utrecht.
Meliskerke is a village in the Dutch province of Zeeland.
Avil is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District, Kojur District, Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.
Paali is a village in Kambja Parish, Tartu County, Estonia.
Matt is a village, and former municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Fort-Coulonge is known for the Félix-Gabriel-Marchand Bridge which is actually in neighbouring Mansfield-et-Pontefract.
Cridersville  is a village in Auglaize County, Ohio, United States.
The Incorporated Village of Lloyd Harbor is located in the town of Huntington.
The third biggest plantation in the Faroe Islands is in Selatrað.
It is a part of the municipality of Vlagtwedde, and lies about 15 km northeast of Emmen.
The Sletringen Lighthouse is located on a small islet off the coast of Titran.
Merrimac is a village in Sauk County, Wisconsin, United States northwest of Madison.
It lies approximately 4 kilometres south-east of Sosnowica, 24 km south-east of Parczew, and 49 km north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
It overlooks the road between Tel-Aviv and Jerusalem, 25 kilometers west of Jerusalem and 14 kilometers southeast of Ramla.
The closest town Manjoor is 30 km by road.
Bethel was founded in 1798 by Obed Denham as Denham Town, in what was then the Northwest Territory.
McCool Junction is a village in York County, Nebraska, United States.
It is the seat of the administrative district called Gmina Łagiewniki.
The population was 581 at the 2010 census.
Sijbekarspel was a separate municipality until 1979.
Thanjavur District is one of the 32 districts of the state of Tamil Nadu, in southeastern India.
Rafsbotn has a ski slope and Rafsbotn Chapel.
The village sits at a major transportation cross-roads.
Kuiste is a village in Valjala Parish, Saare County, Estonia, on the island of Saaremaa.
It is a part of the municipality of Molenwaard, and lies about 25 km east of Rotterdam.
It lies approximately 3 kilometres west of Abramów, 23 km west of Lubartów, and 31 km north-west of the regional capital Lublin.
The place existed to service the mining operations at Boquillas del Carmen, Mexico, just across the Rio Grande.
Internet users can leave their ideas for the new neighbourhood on a website.
The village is situated on the Hissar-Bikaner Highway in between Sadulpur and Taranagar.
The few standing buildings are just used now for hunting cabins.
Chalissery is a place with great secular nature and land for several cultural arts.
Kupusina is a village located in the Apatin municipality, in the West Bačka District of Serbia.
Ferintosh is home to several small businesses and provides municipal services, including local fire protection, to its residents.
Iluppaiyurani is a panchayat town in Thoothukudi district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Asva is a village in Laimjala Parish, Saare County, on the eastern part of Saaremaa Island, Estonia.
Skelivka is located near the towns of Przemyśl and Dobromil and Stryj.
It is also the northern-most town of Limburg and thus its nickname is "De Poort van Limburg".
Guntur; is a city and administrative headquarters of Guntur district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Marianówek [marjaˈnuvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierżoniów, within Dzierżoniów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
at the intersection of Route 340, Route 135 and Route 350.
Upland is a village in Franklin County, Nebraska, United States.
The built-up area of the village was 0.54 km², and contained 816 residences.
The village on the shore of a fjord surrounded by mountains, with two large glaciers to the east and the west: Øksfjordjøkelen and Langfjordjøkelen.
The built-up area of the village was 0.56 km², and contained 942 residences.
The population was 122 at the 2010 census.
As of the 2013 census, the village population was 3,677.
It is located in the Bangalore North Taluk.
The population was 21 at the 2010 census.
It is the seat for the Town of Thompson and the county seat of Sullivan County.
Port Henry lies on the east side of the town of Moriah and is approximately one hour's drive south of Plattsburgh.
Bommanahal is a village in Anantapur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The Cross River Ferry at Glenbrook conveniently links the Owenabue Valley with East Cork, Fota Island & Cobh which has magnificent scenery and heritage centres.
Skórka [ˈskurka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
Tijeras is a village in Bernalillo County, New Mexico, United States.
A.Konduru is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Among other things one will find Den Gamle Bokstova, a book café where a small group of people meets 6-8 times a year to discuss literature.
It is situated in the Kovin municipality, in the South Banat District, Vojvodina province.
Uniquely there is a pyramid shaped tomb in the grounds of the St Finian's Church.
San Marcos La Laguna is a village on the western shore of Lago Atitlán in the Sololá Department of Guatemala.
Most Germans fled or were expelled and replaced with Poles expelled from the Polish areas annexed by the Soviet Union.
It is located on the northwest coast of Eysturoy.
The population was 288 at the 2010 census.
South Gifford is a village in Macon County, Missouri, United States.
With all the buildings owned by the government, development is strictly controlled and carefully planned.
It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina.
Bačko Petrovo Selo is a village located in the Bečej municipality, in the South Bačka District of Serbia.
It is located between the North and South Mountains and located roughly 15 minutes from CFB Greenwood and 10 minutes from Berwick.
It is located on the island of Hinnøya, about 18 kilometres west of the city of Harstad.
Seengemai is a village under the municipal board of Sirsaganj in the Firozabad district of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Mosna [ˈmɔsna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
Bhaiyathan is a panchayat village in Surajpur District in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh.
The population was 6 at the 2010 census.
The statistical area "Noordwelle", which also can include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 330.
The village has a population of 1,200.
Colon is a village in St. Joseph County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
It is believed that the idol may be in standing posture.
The town was once famous for its story about Petar Blagojevich, a man who was reportedly thought to have been a vampire who killed 9 people.
Kardla is a village in Tähtvere Parish, Tartu County, Estonia.
Archeologists have found ruins of chunku cutting factories, centres for split opening of pearl oysters at the site.
It lies approximately 5 kilometres east of Żelechlinek, 24 km north of Tomaszów Mazowiecki, and 45 km east of the regional capital Łódź.
Valkkoog is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland.
Těrlicko  is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
Panheel is a town in the Dutch province of Limburg.
The Murroe Boher Parish releases a weekly newsletter on their website.
It is a seat of the Zrnovci municipality.
It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina, in the region of Syrmia, in Inđija municipality.
Some people left Dudynce on April 29, 1947 and moved to the Gdansk area of Poland.
5, approximately 65 km south of the city of Lethbridge.
Kottapadi has now gained prominence for this fort, which in now used to house elephants belonging to the Guruvayoor temple.
The neighborhoods of Carol Beach, Dexter's Corner, Ranney, and Tobin are located within the village.
During Morgan's Raid, a Union victory in the Civil War in 1863, Confederate Brig.
According to the 2011 census, it had population of 786.
Today the river has a tourist function.
In the warmer months the average temperature is 28,80 °C and in the colder months the average temperature is 4,50 °C.
Major parties will be distributing from Rs.50 to Rs.500 per Vote.
Brandal is a village in Hareid Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
The ghat section of Western ghats through which NH-48 passes is called Shiradi Ghat.
Silex is a 4th Class City in Lincoln County, Missouri, United States.
It has a railway station on the line between Amersfoort and Ede.
It gives more beauty of the village & here full of trees & plants cover this completely full of greeny landscapes.
Spring Valley is 22 miles north of Manhattan and 5 miles north of the New Jersey border.
Ewijk was a separate municipality until 1980, when it was merged with Beuningen.
The population was 898 at the 2010 census.
Lisbon is located in the Salem, OH Micropolitan Statistical Area, as well as the southern regions of the greater Mahoning Valley.
Saptur is one of the palayams of ancient Madurai.
The Catholic Parish in Wizna was established in 1390.
Fudai is a village located in Shimohei District, Iwate Prefecture, in the Tōhoku region of northern Japan.
Of these, 346 were ethnic Albanians, 1 Romanian, and 1 Muslim.
Cerro Sombrero is a village in southern Chile.
Kępy [ˈkɛmpɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wądroże Wielkie, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
It lies approximately 6 kilometres south of Lubartów and 20 km north of the regional capital Lublin.
The Wexford insurgents were eventually defeated at the Battle of Vinegar Hill on June 21.
Literacy rate is over 70% while the unemployment rates are around 50% and those living in the village are mainly into agriculture.
Estero is a village in Lee County, Florida, United States.
The monument was destroyed sometime before 1992; its base has been preserved.
Karopady is a small village in Dakshina Kannada district, Karnataka, in far southern India.
The population was 318 at the 2010 census.
The population was 1,502 at the 2000 census, and 1,427 in 2009.
Leslie is a village in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.
Sobków [ˈsɔpkuf] is a village in Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.
However, the farming is the main occupation for the most of Jakhal residents.
It lies approximately 10 kilometres southeast of Legnica, and 56 kilometres west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Lock Springs is a village in Daviess County, Missouri.
Ravela is a village in Tadikonda Mandal of Guntur district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The name Courtown originally applied to a townland in North Wexford, 4 kilometres east of Gorey town.
The statistical area "Uitwierde", which also can include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 60.
The statistical area "Herwijnen", which also can include the peripheral parts of the village, as well as the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 2470.
It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Goczałkowice-Zdrój.
The road which connects Aluva and Cochin goes through Koonamthai.
The village is named after a grove of trees that once stood at the post office.
The school has contributed immensely for the educational development of erumamunda and near by villages.
But it has still managed to retain its attraction with lush green mountains on one side and the curvaceous Varahi River on the other.
Remnants of material culture from the early Stone Age were found in Stapari.
Kokaviidika is a village in Viljandi Parish, Viljandi County, Estonia.
The Incorporated Village of Cove Neck is a village located within the town of Oyster Bay in Nassau County, New York, United States.
It is about 35 km away from Jharsuguda.
Rampura is a town and a nagar panchayat in the Neemuch district of the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany.
Sijbekarspel has a population of around 320.
The population was 93 at the 2010 census.
Millington and the surrounding area is known as a "bedroom community" of both Saginaw and Flint.
Hariharapura is a village located in the Koppa Taluk, Chikkamagaluru district in the state of Karnataka, India.
The traditional handicraft of making barrels out of pine is now almost extinct.
Uszczonów [uʂˈt͡ʂɔnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jemielno, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
It is located in the municipality of Beek, about 3 km south of the town of Geleen.
As the 2003 Official Languages Act revoked the status of the English language name Ballydavid, the official name is Baile na nGall.
Kauriaganj is a small town and a nagar panchayat in Aligarh district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
It is about 30 miles southwest of Cork, and 15–20 minutes drive east from the town of Clonakilty.
It is in the Catholic parish of Dysart and Ruan.
It is the site of Hillsdale College's G.H.
On 1 January 1978 it was merged with Neerijnen of which it forms the westernmost part.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 4,855 people.
Ney is a village in Defiance County, Ohio, United States.
It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn.
There is a post office at Moida.
Linnakse is a village in Anija Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.
The neighbouring village on the German side of the border is Pomellen, part of the Nadrensee municipality.
It is mostly inhabited by Alawites and Sunni Muslims.
The river Salangselva empties into the fjord at Sjøvegan.
The population was 94 at the 2010 census.
It is situated in the Kanjiža municipality, in the North Banat District, Vojvodina province.
The population was 2,011 at the 2010 census.
Soline was first mentioned in documents from 1114 C.E., making it one of the oldest settlements on Dugi otok.
It lies approximately 7 km north of Bolesławiec, and 106 km west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The population was 129 at the 2010 census.
Leland features two small grocery stores, a hairdresser, a café, a large sports-centre, Leirfjord Church, and a number of other amenities.
Holercani is a village in Dubăsari District, in the eastern-central part of the Republic of Moldova.
Vishwamangala School and College, which was mainly built for the children of university employees is also located here
It belongs to the municipality of Mayarí.
The 0.48-square-kilometre village has a population of 406.
Kinnitty is a village in County Offaly, Ireland.
Chicalim is a village in Mormugão, Goa.
The village's primary destination for tourists is the 100-year-old Nelson Cheese Factory.
The village stretches for about 2 km east to west along the road to Meziměstí, about 2 km south of the Czech-Polish border.
It is about 40 kilometres north of the city of Valsad and about 25 kilometres south of the district city of Navsari.
In 1993, the town unveiled its roadside tribute to the perogy.
Nallajerla is a village in West Godavari district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The 0.37-square-kilometre village has a population of 359, giving the village a population density of 970 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The 2.26-square-kilometre village has a population of 2,502; and it is located at the end of the Hemnfjorden, about 5 kilometres southwest of Holla.
There's also a local shop in the village.
Maddipadu is a village in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Łogdowo [wɔɡˈdɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
Amanda was the birthplace of Thomas Sterling, a Republican in the United States Senate from 1913 to 1925.
Nerse is a village located in Belgaum district of Karnataka, India.
This portage to the Clearwater River was in use for more than a century during the North American fur trade.
More recently, Hrísey has developed a reputation as a birdwatching destination.
487, Saskatchewan, Canada, approximately 65 km northeast of Melfort.
It is also an Ecclesiastical parish in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cashel and Emly.
It was the site of the 1536 Battle and the 1568 Battle of Heiligerlee
The village is entirely within Oxford Charter Township.
Izumizaki is a village located in Nishishirakawa District, Fukushima Prefecture, in northern Honshū, Japan.
Approximately 50 people live there on a permanent basis.
The population was 89 at the 2010 census.
In 2009, the remains of some of the victims were discovered by chance during a commercial excavation in the area.
Fruitport is a village in Muskegon County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Nallacheruvu is a village in Anantapur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
On the basis of lack of evidence, Haji Sahib was released, but his fellow workers were given sentences of up to three years.
Mail, banking, telecommunications, sanitation and health center, elementary school, high school boys and girls are active.
The Village of Harrisville is in the northeast part of the Town of Diana and is south of Ogdensburg.
The village is part of the Vratišinec municipality.
Since 2004, the island has been a part of the municipality of Akureyri, having previously been a municipality in its own right.
It has a population of around 270.
In 2005 the village had a population of 308.
Åraksbø is a village in Bygland municipality in Aust-Agder county, Norway.
The population of Dakaram is approximately 1500.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 1,589 people.
It lies approximately 27 kilometres south-east of Ostróda and 42 km south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
The smaller village of Stongfjorden lies about 15 kilometres to the west.
It lies approximately 13.9 miles south of Rutog and 18.3 miles north of Jaggang.
It is located in the municipality of Pekela, about 6 km southeast of Veendam.
As of October 2013, the village has an estimated population of 3,541 and a population density of 16.7 persons per km2.
It is commonly known as Pompei in the Konkani language.
Once a village, now it is a town.
It is only accessible by ferry from the nearby town of Southport.
Waterbury is a village in Dixon County, Nebraska, United States.
The beach itself is a pebble beach.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It is the mandal headquarters of Gudipala mandal.
The population was 1,455 at the 2010 census.
The nearest airport is at Jamnagar 47 km away.
At the border of the village there is a parish church of St. Catharina from the turn of 19th and 20th centuries.
The current estimated population is around 557.
Danalpur is a village in Hindaun Block of Rajasthan, India.
It lies approximately 13 km north-east of Jawor, and 50 km west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Eitrheim is a village in Odda municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
Ballineen and Enniskean lie on the River Bandon between Bandon and Dunmanway and the fertile Bandon valley.
The village lies on the A2 Highway and National Road number 5 from Poznań to Wrocław, about 7 kilometres from the city of Poznań.
It is located by Brahmagiri hill near Bhagamandala in Kodagu district, Karnataka, 1,276 m. above sea level.
Røldal was formerly part of the independent municipality of Røldal from 1838 until 1964 when it became a part of Odda municipality.
Børselv Church is located in this village.
Hemis, also spelled Hamis, is a village in the Leh district of Jammu and Kashmir, India.
Molangoor is located 30 km from Karimnagar.
It is located north of Hillcrest, east of Viola, south of New Hempstead, and west of New City.
It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina.
Chintada is a village located in Bobbili mandal of the Vizianagaram district, Andhra Pradesh State in India.
Friendship is a village in Adams County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.
Acme  is a village in south-central Alberta, Canada.
16 and 17 are turned into the folk museum with all the instruments of daily life and work.
The village is located at the mouth of the Gaula River between Heimdal and Spongdal.
Banovo Polje is a village in Serbia.
The village is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina.
El Caney is a small village 4 miles to the northeast of Santiago, Cuba.
Lúč na Ostrove is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.
Hunin was a Palestinian Arab village in the Galilee Panhandle part of Mandatory Palestine close to the Lebanese border.
Government Offices in Pancode are limited to an LP school, a Post Office, Milk Society, Cooperative Bank, Veterinary Hospital and a Maveli store.
Waterford is 47 miles northwest of Washington, D.C., and 7 miles northwest of Leesburg.
It was first mentioned in the 12th century.
Lake Success is a village and a part of Great Neck in Nassau County, New York in the United States.
It is located in Bellamkonda mandal of Guntur revenue division.
Chakur is a town in Latur subdivision of Latur district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Gonivada is a small village, 20 km from Davangere in Karnataka state in India.
The population was 876 at the 2010 census.
There is a famous temple of Lord Venkateswara Swamy.
In 2005 the village had a population of 120.
It lies approximately 7 kilometres east of Bircza, 19 km south-west of Przemyśl, and 57 km south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
Myślibórz [mɨˈɕlibuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paszowice, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
It is located on the Ajmer-Merta Road, east of Merta City.
According to the 2006 census, the village has a population of 6,002 inhabitants.
It is a part of the municipality of Stichtse Vecht, and lies about 9 km northeast of Woerden.
The population was 59 at the 2010 census.
The village has a population of 1,700.
It is located in the municipality Heerenveen, about 17 km south of the city of Leeuwarden.
Atwood is a small town located in Perth County, Ontario, Canada.
For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and the population is 3,119.
Frankfort is a village in Ross County, Ohio, United States, along the North Fork of Paint Creek.
It is located to the south of the capital Panjim, adjacent to the port city of Vasco da Gama.
The built-up area of the village was 0.083 km², and contained 119 residences.
Marmarita is a popular summer destination and tourist attraction in Syria.
The population was 150 at the 2010 census.
It lies approximately 19 km north of Bolesławiec, and 106 km west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Before 1948, Malha was a Palestinian Arab village known as al-Maliha.
The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority of Protestant religious affiliation and its population numbering 1,315 people.
As of the 2010 census, Suffern's population was 10,723.
Valois is a neighbourhood in the city of Pointe-Claire, Quebec, Canada.
Janja Gora is a village in the municipality of Plaški, in the Lika region of Croatia.
At the 2006 census, its population was 201, in 43 families.
Another nearby fishing village is Mefjordvær, which located about 3 kilometres to the northwest.
Godlinze is a village in the Dutch province of Groningen.
The village has a population of 3,100.
It is bordered to the south by the city of Buffalo.
The population was 8,053 at the 2010 census.
Beitstad Church is located in this village.
Hoedekenskerke was a separate municipality until 1970.
As of 2010, the village has a population of around 7,401 and is served by the Northport-East Northport School District.
Klåholmen is a village in the municipality of Tvedestrand in Aust-Agder, Norway.
This village has modern communications such as the internet and mobile and landline phones.
The history of the village dates to at least the 12th century.
Winssen is a village in the Dutch province of Gelderland.
In 2005 the village has a population of 270.
Hyannis is a major tourist destination and the primary ferry boat and general aviation link for passengers and freight to Nantucket Island.
The population was 725 at the 2010 census.
Flekke is located about 6.5 kilometres south of the municipal center of Dale.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Built of reinforced concrete, each of the bridges has five arches of 15 metres of length each.
The village is named after Bishop Frederic Baraga.
Grantwood Village is a village in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.
The community post-office was established on February 1, 1891.
The population density is 1,469 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It is the mandal headquarters of Kurichedu mandal in Kandukur revenue division.
Malabar Karshikotsavam & Krishi Mela was an initiative by Mr. P.A.
The first white settlers started to arrive in the 1830s and began clearing the land, draining the swamps, and building homes and farms.
Institutions like Panchayat Office, Village Office, Post Office, Primary Health Centre, Veterinary Clinic, Krishi Bhavan, Village Extension Office, Public Library & Vocational Higher Secondary School.
The population was 161 at the 2010 census.
Drogomyśl [drɔˈɡɔmɨɕl] is a village in Gmina Strumień, Cieszyn County, in the Silesian Voivodeship of southern Poland.
There was also a masonry church called Transfiguration of Our Lord.
Naratów [naˈratuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechlów, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
The village area is a significant tourist destination.
Its population is 684, of which 8 people live within the border of the neighbouring municipality of Modum.
It lies in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia, on the Olza River.
The Meråker Line railway runs through the village and stops at the Kopperå Station.
After World War II the region was placed under Polish administration by the Potsdam Agreement under territorial changes demanded by the Soviet Union.
The village is accentuated by its tree lined streets and murals depicting historical events on the sides of buildings.
During the summer months, the population swells by thousands as people flood the beaches.
The church was founded as an Evangelic temple but later became Roman Catholic.
Ephraim is a village in Door County, Wisconsin, United States.
The population was 3,103 at the time of the 2010 census.
It is located 120 km north west of Erode and 56 km north west of Sathyamangalam
Vɾba is one of ten villages in the Municipality of Žirovnica in the Upper Carniolan region of Slovenia.
Villagers are mostly Christians and Hindus and are very friendly.
Caledonia is 4 miles east of Belgrade, Missouri.
Within the palace, a museum contains the shrine, crown, ceremonial dress and jewellery of the Ladakhi king.
Árnafjørður is a town of the municipality of Klaksvík, on the island of Borðoy, in the Faroe Islands.
There is also the Sandtorg Church, a grocery store, and a gas station.
It is located near the intersection of Highway 2 and Highway 49, located approximately 65 km south of Peace River and 427 km northwest of Edmonton.
It is situated about 125 kilometers southeast of Ho Chi Minh City.
Al-Tall, was a Palestinian village 14 km northeast of Acre in the British Mandate District of Acre.
Moreover, Madoban- the dense forest created a remarkably attractive landscape.
It was incorporated as a village in 1929 and currently has approximately 504 residents.
The events that were the basis for the 1971 novel and 1973 movie The Exorcist have a connection to the village of Bel-Nor.
Out of this 7,846 reside in Chuchuyimlang village while 1,678 reside in Chuchuyimlang Compound.
It has 1,033 inhabitants, 21.3% of the population are the Poles.
It is a suburb of Albany and part of the city's historic metropolitan area.
Fife Lake, is a village in Grand Traverse County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
The 0.91-square-kilometre village has a population of 813.
Gallabat is a village in the Sudanese state of Al Qadarif.
Lake Success is in the Town of North Hempstead on northwest Long Island.
There are six extended families made up of five families with tulafale oratory chiefly status and one of High Chief status.
The island has one settlement, a village also named Hestur on the east coast.
The village has a population of 240.
In 1790 it was refurbished by renowned Polish architect Szymon Bogumił Zug.
Bus services are available every 30 minutes from Kumbakonam and Mayiladuthurai.
The village is regarded as picturesque and scenic and is attracting both domestic and international tourism.
According to Saleh Abd al-Jawad an estimated 80–200 civilian men, women and children were killed.
The village is administered by the Fond du Sac Village Council under the aegis of the Pamplemousses District Council.
There is sailing, swimming, fishing, birding, hiking, camping and shopping.
Banatsko Višnjićevo is a village in Serbia.
Ōtama is a village located in Adachi District, Fukushima Prefecture, in northern Honshū, Japan.
Vadinar is small coastal town located in Devbhoomi Dwarka district of the state of Gujarat, India.
Near By Railway Station are : Sirohi Road - 1 km, Abu Road - 40 km.
The town enjoys close proximity with P A College of Engineering, which is just three kilometres away.The road also ends meeting Bearys Institute of Technology.
Nowy Kawęczyn [ˈnɔvɨ kaˈvɛnt͡ʂɨn] is a village in Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
Duggirala is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The village has a population of 450.
Lovćenac is a village located in the Mali Iđoš municipality, in the North Bačka District of Vojvodina, Serbia.
Dante in his Paradiso mentions the mines and mint in Chapter XIX.
It is also the last town in the Konkan side on the state highway that links the Konkan to the rest of Maharashtra.
The population was 1,246 at the 2010 census.
Covelong Beach is one of the few places in the East Coast where wind surfing takes place.
The harbor is closed, but the old lighthouse stood until 2000.
Åsgreina or Åsgrenda is a village in Nannestad municipality, Norway.
The population was 441 at the 2010 census.
Ardfield, historically Ardofoyle, is a small village on the southwest coast of County Cork, Ireland.
Kravica is a village in the Bratunac municipality near Srebrenica, in eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina, close to the border with Serbia.
They are Kodungallur, Irinjalakuda, Chavakkad, Guruvayur, Kunnamkulam and Thrissur.
The revival of interest in the history of Pallithura resulted as a result of President Abdul Kalam's mentioning of it in his books and speeches.
Denduluru is a mandal in West Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Dundee is a village in Yates County, New York, USA.
Bel-Ridge is a northern suburban village in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.
The town was named after Frances Folsom, the fiancee of President Grover Cleveland.
There is a castle in the village.
Every year these people arrange bhandara at Bembleshwar temple.
Inside a valuable figural wall paintings dating from 1494 can be seen.
It is situated near Maddur between the cities of Mysore and Bangalore.
It is the only village in Wayne Township.
Rakasiya is on the bank of the Morhar river, and has a population of around 1500.
The population was 323 at the 2010 census.
Kraśnik Dolny [ˈkraɕnik ˈdɔlnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec, within Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
The name "Torke" is supposed to have originated from "tore" or the rivulet which used to flow through the village.
It lies approximately 4 km north of Bolesławiec, and 105 km west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Malmo is a village in Saunders County, Nebraska, United States.
A suburb of Green Bay, Wisconsin, Ashwaubenon is part of the Green Bay Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The village has a tradition of having a play every May 17.
The population was 223 at the 2010 census.
The population was 131 at the 2010 census.
It is a part of the municipality of Goeree-Overflakkee, and lies about 14 km south of Spijkenisse.
Lunteren is a town in Gelderland, the Netherlands.
Most of the residents of Tanem commute to Trondheim to work.
Hnojník  is a village in Frýdek-Místek District, Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic, on the Stonávka River.
Odela is a village in Peddapalli district of the Indian state of Telangana.
Novi Slankamen is situated about 15 kilometers east of Inđija, on the bank of Danube and has a total population of 3,421.
Bozgush is a village in Rahal Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
The local economy is mainly based on agriculture, while there is some industry and a few service companies relating to tourism, transportation, and road safety.
Nimmada is a village and panchayat in Kotabommali Mandal, Srikakulam District, Andhra Pradesh, India.
The population was 3,667 at the 2010 census.
South Wayne is a village in Lafayette County, Wisconsin, United States.
Drozdowice Małe [drɔzdɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
279 and is part of the provincial constituency Last Mountain-Touchwood and federal constituency Regina—Qu'Appelle.
Statkraft's regional headquarters for eastern Norway are located in Dalen, and manages 38 power stations.
Iruppachira is the main junction of Pancode.
It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina.
The village numbers 6,181 people and has a Serb majority and the largest ethnic Macedonian population in Serbia by percentage.
It is the headquarters of Settur mandal in Kalyandurg revenue division.
It is located in the Canadian Rockies foothills, on Cowboy Trail, 32 km west of High River and 64 km south of Calgary.
The name is derived from a Native American word of the Lenape language, tucsedo or p'tuxseepu, which is said to mean "crooked water" or "crooked river."
Mithur is a village in Bantwal Taluk, in the Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka, India.
In more recent years the Chaga and Warusha ethnic groups have increased, leading to an increase in cultivation in the valley which the village occupies.
This village is famous for brass work handicrafts, handmade brass works and domestic brass products.
Hornell Municipal Airport is immediately south of the village.
It is part of the municipality of Fjarðabyggð.
In 1936, Haji Sahib fell seriously ill. With time, his condition worsened and died on 14 December 1937 aged 81.
Baile Chláir or Baile Chláir na Gaillimhe is a Gaeltacht village about 10 km north of Galway in County Galway, Ireland.
Tsumagoi is a village located in Agatsuma District of west-central Gunma Prefecture in the northern Kantō region of Japan.
It is a part of the municipality of De Bilt, and lies about 6 km northwest of Bilthoven.
Enon is a village in Clark County, Ohio, United States.
It also has a school, church, museum, Músaem Chorca Dhuibhne, the offices of the local co-op, Comharchumann Forbartha Chorca Dhuibhne, and a Garda station.
Strendur means beach or strand in the Faroese language.
The province of Saskatchewan formed in 1905.
The population was 408 at the 2010 census.
The peninsula came to be known as “George’s Neck”, and was developed mostly as farmland.
Gusheh is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
It is located in Kulkacherla mandal of Vikarabad revenue division.
Półwsie [ˈpuu̯fɕe] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolków, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Sunrise is seen after 10 a.m and the daytime sun light is very short.
The Red Cross Nordic United World College is located next to the Haugland Rehabilitation Center, just 2.5 kilometres north of Flekke.
It is situated in the Bečej municipality, South Bačka District, Vojvodina province.
Krewerd is a village with a population of 90 in the municipality of Delfzijl in the province of Groningen in the Netherlands.
Nazareth is just located in a 7.5 km distance from Ambalaseri.
There is a very old Jain temple of Lord Adinath.
The current graveyard is located at the top of the hill that overlooks the village.
The city is also an important regional industrial center.
Schools located in the village include U.P School Adhapara, M.E School Adhapara, and Jawahrlal High School, Adhapara.
It has an active community who run many events throughout the year including an annual summer festival in July.
Vellicode lies in the Kalkulam region of Nanjil Nadu.
Even neighbouring Anmore, another tiny community has grown and changed, but Belcarra has remained a relatively small community.
14 and the nearest railway station is Jawai Bandh.
Linden is a village located in Kneehill County, Alberta, in the central part of the province.
Buurmalsen was a separate municipality from 1818 to 1978, when it became a part of Geldermalsen.
Matihani is a village situated near the Ganges River, in the Begusarai district, Bihar state, India.
It is located on the border with Ukraine, with a road and rail border crossing nearby.
Bavojigudem is a village located 13 km from Maripeda, the Mandal headquarters, in Warangal District, Andhra Pradesh, India.
The population was 120 at the 2010 census.
The part south of the A58 motorway came to the municipality of Alphen-Chaam and is called Ulvenhout AC.
Other areas drawing tourism include the Amish farms, shops and stores east of Mount Gilead, near Chesterville and Johnsville.
It hosts the second-oldest May Day celebration in British Columbia [1] and the biggest and longest-running downhill longboard race in Canada, Attack of Danger Bay.
The most of the population speaks Kannada and the major income source is from Agriculture.
Kesan is a village in Golidagh Rural District, Golidagh District, Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.
It is located on the island of Kvaløya about 10 kilometres northwest of the city of Tromsø.
The population was 787 at the 2010 census.
Mocarze [mɔˈt͡saʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
Forest is a village in Hardin and Wyandot counties in the U.S. state of Ohio.
It is located by the Norwegian National Road 4.
It is a small village of about 100 Lingayat, Golla and Dalit families.
The village was platted by D. L. Jacobs in 1877.
Catawba is a village in Price County, Wisconsin, United States.
The town is near the Harlan County Reservoir.
Poonchola is a village in Kanjirapuzha Panchayath, Palakkad district, Kerala, India.
It is located where the R183 and R189 regional roads intersect.
The village is located within the Town of Maiden Rock.
Starosiedle [starɔˈɕɛdlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gubin, within Krosno Odrzańskie County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border.
Haigler is a village in Dundy County, Nebraska, United States.
The 0.27-square-kilometre village has a population of 317.
Madnur or Madnoor is a village in Nizamabad district in the state of Telangana in India.
The Temple was provided with all basic amenities including an approach road.
Waynesfield is a village in Auglaize County, Ohio, United States.
Tomra or Tomrefjord is a village located in Vestnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
Permission to view the church must be obtained at Skeggjastaðir, however requests are rarely turned down.
Smithfield is a village in Gosper County, Nebraska, United States.
Many people of many castes like havyak harijan etc.
Chah Varz is a village in Chah Varz District, in the Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.
Prentice is a village in Price County, Wisconsin, United States.
The village is spread across an area of 5.2 square miles and has 410 households.
A large number of Jeen Mata's followers reside in Kolkata who keep visiting Jeen Mata temple.
It was founded in 1857 as a station along the Detroit, Grand Haven and Milwaukee Railway.
The temples of Shri Bhayaji Maharaj, Rashtrasant.
It was located 31 kilometers northeast of Safed on a natural terrace about 100 meters wide that formed when Lake al-Hula receded.
Zebrzydowice [zɛbʐɨdɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village and the seat of Gmina Zebrzydowice, Cieszyn County in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland, near the border with the Czech Republic.
It lies approximately 3 km south-east of Żukowice, 6 km west of Głogów, and 93 km north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The population was 200 at the 2010 census.
Grijpskerk was a separate municipality until 1990, when it was merged with Zuidhorn.
The 0.48-square-kilometre village of Hansnes has a population of 457, which gives the village a population density of 952 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Strużnica [struʐˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mysłakowice, within Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
The population was 170 at the 2010 census.
As of the 2010 Census, the village had a total population of 4,444.
Czeladź Mała [ˈt͡ʂɛlat͡ɕ ˈmawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jemielno, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Dundalk, originally called McDowell's Corners, was incorporated as a village in 1887.
It is situated in the Bogatić municipality, in the Mačva District.
It is one of three year-round, 24-hour ports in North Dakota.
Strond is a former village in the north of the town Klaksvík at the sound of Haraldssund in the Faroe Islands.
Applegate is in the southeast corner of Washington Township on the boundary with Sanilac Township.
The population density is 766 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Although, the village is geographically located in Syrmia, it is part of the South Bačka District.
The village is the namesake of the former United States Naval ship USS Hyannis.
The band has gained nationwide recognition with two of their jigs, known as "The Kilmovee Jigs".
From the "Dhakka" in Mahul village, People can hire fishermen boats up to The Elephanta island.
At the 2006 census, its population was 461, in 110 families.
These include State Bank of Travancore, Kerala Gramin Bank, South Indian Bank, Catholic Syrian Bank, Canara Bank, Federal Bank etc.
Salat is a village in Kulpahar subdistrict in Uttar Pradesh.
It is located on Wisconsin Highway 35 along the Great River Road.
It lies approximately 2 kilometres north-west of Gidle, 12 km south of Radomsko, and 92 km south of the regional capital Łódź.
Austnes is a village in Haram Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
Neelavara or Nilavara is a village in Udupi district of Karnataka, India.
The area is part of the aspen parkland biome.
Muttontown was ranked one of the wealthiest towns in America by BusinessWeek.
It lies approximately 5 kilometres west of Siemień, 12 km west of Parczew, and 43 km north of the regional capital Lublin.
Heesselt is a village in the Dutch province of Gelderland.
Fałków has ruins of a 17th-century defensive manor house, which was destroyed shortly after completion, during the Swedish invasion of Poland.
Villages Markvartice and Zubčická Lhotka are administrative parts of Zubčice.
Katrathal is a village in Sikar tehsil of Sikar district in Rajasthan, India.
It is a part of the municipality of Goeree-Overflakkee, and lies about 12 km southeast of Hellevoetsluis.
Młodzieszyn was first mentioned in the 15th century.
In 2001, the village of Jipsingboertange had 123 inhabitants.
The three Christian parties in the elections had a combined total of almost 87 percent of the votes.
The closest town is Ramanathapuram and is 25 km from Pudumadam.
Venkatapur is a village and a mandal in Jayashankar Bhupalpally district in the state of Telangana, India.
Caledonia is a village in Marion County, Ohio, United States.
The VSM engine sheds are located at 'Beekbergen'.
The built-up area of the village was 0.49 km², and contained 1153 residences.
It was founded before 1500 AD by Puri Gajapati Prataprudra Dev.
The revolt was ultimately unsuccessful, and in 1908, Haji Sahib went on the Hajj once again.
The European route E39 highway runs through the village on its way between the cities of Stavanger and Bergen.
The village was founded by labourers from Friesland; the population still speaks West Frisian.
Głogówko [ɡwɔˈɡufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotla, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Matsalu is a village in Lihula Parish, Lääne County in western Estonia.
Built over centuries, the abbey – the largest Cistercian abbey in the world – is rated in the highest class of landmarks of world's cultural heritage.
The chief agricultural product is paddy rice, followed by sugarcane as there is a sugar factory nearby.
It is one of the villages in the mandal to be a part of Andhra Pradesh Capital Region.
The main language spoken in Furus is Kokni, a blend of Bankoti, Sangameshwari and Marathi infused with words of Arabic, Urdu and Persian origin.
It lies approximately 6 kilometres north of Baranowo, 27 km north-west of Ostrołęka, and 113 km north of Warsaw.
It lies approximately 7 km west of Żukowice, 14 km west of Głogów, and 102 km north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
In 2008, this had increased to 1780 inhabitants.
Punnavely is a typical Central Tranvancore village with rubber tree plantations, paddy fields and pepper and other spices.
Marthal is a medium village in the southern part of India.
An annual civic festival is held which is very popular.
The church has the shape of a cross, with a Baroque main altar and 18th century epitaphs.
The population was 233 at the 2010 census.
The important stops which veins the place are from Koorkanchery, Post Office, Althara, Craze Biscuit Company, Kallu Shappu, Chiyyaram Convent, Nasrani Palam, Munayam etc.
Nearest shopping is available in the city Karise.
The island is linked by road and bridge to the town of Caibarién on the main island.
It is a scenic resort town with many miles of beaches that connect to Banna Strand to the south, and Kerry Head to the north.
Beiseker  is a village in the Canadian province of Alberta, approximately 70 kilometres northeast of Calgary.
In Bircza was born Orthodox metropolitan Yov Boretsky and Jan Komski.
Ruan is a village in County Clare in Ireland and a civil parish by the same name.
It is a seaside town with impressive views of Ringabella and Roche's Point.
Pomabamba is a town in the Pomabamba District of the Pomabamba Province in the Ancash Region of Peru.
Also there is a very strong Sinn Féin connection with the local Cumann being The Hugh McCooey Cumann.
30 kilometres south of Ivalo is a very popular resort named Saariselkä.
The historic Loen Church is also located in the village.
Sokolac is also a sight of the annual Rockvillage festival held in the local school yard, for this occasion many former residents pay a visit.
Historically, the town is connected to the Czarniecki family of the Łodzia coat of arms dating back to 1184.
It is known as the industrial hub of India.
It lies at an altitude of 14,842 feet.
Wellsville is a village in Columbiana County, Ohio, United States, along the Ohio River.
In May 2004, Å became the starting point of a cycling trip from A to B.
Eolia is a village in Pike County, Missouri, United States.
It is part of the Hastings, Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Sanghol is a historical village located in Fatehgarh Sahib Districtof Punjab, India predating to Harrapan civilisation.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Initially Roslyn was settled in the year 1633.
The village has a population of 1,872.
The population was 303 at the 2010 census.
It lies approximately 5 kilometres east of Siemień, 3 km west of Parczew, and 47 km north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
Alpha is a village in Iron County of the U.S. state of Michigan.
The population was 2,923 at the 2010 census.
Martin's Additions is a village in Montgomery County, Maryland, United States.
Kangazha is a panchayath and village in the Changanacherry Taluk of the Kottayam District of Kerala State in India.
It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Włodowice.
The village infrastructure, with the exception of the police station built by the British Mandate authorities, was destroyed.
It is a centre place of about 4 km radius .
Diligent River is a rural community in Cumberland County, Nova Scotia.
Glyvrar is a village located on Eysturoy, in the Faroe Islands.
Aruvippuram is a village in the southern district of Thiruvananthapuram in Kerala, India.
Until 1795 it belonged to Sandomierz Voivodeship.
Ter Heijde is known for the Battle of Ter Heijde.
River Giri is about 9 km from here.
Atholville's population is mostly Acadian but there is also a substantial anglophone minority.
Ulipuram is a village in Salem district, Tamil Nadu, India.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Áislann Chill Chartha is a community facility which includes a library, sports hall, a fully equipped fitness suite, computer centre, and small theatre.
Polali is a village in Bantwal taluk, in the Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka state in India.
Bloomingdale is a village in Jefferson County, Ohio, United States.
He passed away in 2005 and his son, Jan van Dooyeweerd junior, has continued the work of his father.
Kenmore holds 1,328th place among 3,764 municipalities throughout the United States.
The town's ZIP code is 60521, and it is listed in the top 1% of wealthiest towns in Illinois.
Today, there are about 600 puffin dogs in Norway.
Modern transportation and better communication facilities are available in the village.
All of them can be traced back to Mostad.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
At the 2006 census, its population was 813, in 128 families.
It is part of the Branson, Missouri Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Amodra is Birthplace of Great Saint Muldas and Rajabapa Mori a founder member of Una Sugar factory.
Loučovice is a village in South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Bohutyn [bɔˈxutɨn] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnowica, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
It is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Three daily buses serve the village via Dharwad from Hubli, Chitradurga, Haveri and Belgum.
Nathuakhan is a village in the Ramgarh block of the Nainital district in the state of Uttarakhand.
The population was 292 at the 2010 census.
Pleasant City is a village in Guernsey County, Ohio, United States.
There are many community of people including Havyaka Brahmins, Vokkaligas, etc.
It is located at the eastern end of the lake Selbusjøen at the mouth of the Nea River.
As of November 2014, the village had an estimated population of 6,903 and a population density of 148 persons per km².
Dudyńce is about 10 miles from Sanok in southeast Poland.
At the 2006 census, its population was 744, in 224 families.
It is some 20 km west from Leskovac.
Amity is a village in DeKalb County, Missouri, United States.
Padmanabham is a village and mandal in the Visakhapatnam district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Cliff Village is a village in Newton County, Missouri, United States.
Chabbewal is a town in the district of Hoshiarpur, Punjab, India, with a population of 5000.
Vaimalō's current general population is made up mainly of Naufahu Mapilitoaʻs immediate descendants, relatives, and friends from Niue, Fiji, Samoa, and Solomon Islands.
The village has a population of 220.
Its population is approximately 45,000 as per 2016 census.
Village sits along Svinica Creek that starts from the spring in the upper part of the village.
Also Tróndur í Gøtu the most famous Viking in Faroese history is said to have lived in the village.
Tanakal is a village in Anantapur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The village also contains the neighbourhoods of Blair Athol, Saint-Maure, Selwood, and Upper Balmoral.
Terrytown is located on the bank of the North Platte River between the cities of Scottsbluff and Gering, Nebraska.
The 1.06-square-kilometre village has a population of 890, which gives the village a population density of 840 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The village of Nachinola is divided into 3 Vadde: Vainguinn, Zoidar, and Borvonn.
The Very Large Array lies 24 miles due west of the community.
Some ancient caves found in border area of Palangad, i.e., near to Kuttamboor.Mixed life of Muslim and Hindu can see there.
The 0.46-square-kilometre village has a population of 299, which gives the village a population density of 650 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Slankamenački Vinogradi is a village in Serbia.
The population density is 741 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Mérk is a village in Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg county, in the Northern Great Plain region of eastern Hungary.
In the 17th and 18th centuries, the town belonged to several families, such as the Drohojewski, the Wielopolski, the Sarbiewski, the Myszkowski, and the Szaniawski.
The area is famous for its traditional musical heritage.
Originally it was named Birowy, and first appeared on a map from 1563.
Wrząca Wielka [ˈvʐɔnt͡sa ˈvjɛlka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Mattakkara is a part of Kottayam District mainly spread in Akalakunnam Panchayath.
It is approximately 9 kilometres northeast of the village of Tau and about 4 kilometres south of the village of Fiskå.
The island has several tourist attraction as the Haugjegla Lighthouse, the old fisher village itself, several museums and very good fishing opportunities.
The primary access road is from the Chalous Road shortly before ascending towards the Kandivan Tunnel and Karaj Dam.
It lies approximately 18 kilometres north-east of Parczew and 63 km north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
In 1975–98, it was part of Radom Province.
The local public house is Byrne's, the Crablane.
Sitniče is a village in the municipality of Novi Pazar, Serbia & Montenegro.
It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina.
Francis Creek is a village in Manitowoc County, Wisconsin, United States.
The next day, they mourn the god Koothandavar's death through ritualistic dances and by breaking their bangles.
Oude Pekela is a village in the Dutch province of Groningen.
Velpoor or Vailpoor is a village in Nizamabad district in the state of Telangana in India.
Vrdnik is a village in northern Syrmia, in the Vojvodina province of Serbia.
Hemis is well known for the Hemis monastery that was established in 1672 AD by king Senge Nampar Gyalva.
The statistical area "Renesse", which also can include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 1510.
Probably some people lived here since times of Kievska Rus till 1946 when all the native inhabitants, Ukrainians were sent to USSR by Polish Communist Army.
NY-69 passes through the village, which is south of the Erie Canal.
The frescoes are famous examples of Comnenian Age Byzantine Art.
Although there was no outright winner, it stopped the expansion of the Teutonic Order in the Kuyavia region.
It is famous for the Ilinden-Preobrazhenie uprising which started in the village in the morning of August 2, 1903.
The population was 2,076 at the 2010 census.
The population was 435 at the 2010 census.
The village is located on the shore of Chaleur Bay in the Acadian Peninsula region, 25 km northwest of Caraquet and 45 kilometres east of Bathurst.
Taluka place for the village is Mohol.
It is situated in the Žitište municipality, in the Central Banat District, Vojvodina province.
Galičnik has well-preserved traditional architecture, including an amphitheater in the village square, and is famous for its surrounding countryside and nature reserve.
Few people begin a trek from Jiri, and only 5% of all trekkers who attempt the difficult trek to Everest Base Camp start at Jiri.
There are several lakes in Jhulasan and now it is also getting water from Narmada River Canal.
It is part of the Akron Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The population was 729 at the 2010 census, up from 568 at the 2000 census.
New Hempstead is a village in the town of Ramapo, Rockland County, New York, United States.
Vermontville is served by Maple Valley Schools.
It is about halfway between Kochi and Thiruvananthapuram on the National Highway 47.
Hewlett Harbor is a village in Nassau County, New York in the USA.
Newburgh Heights is a village in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.
The main occupation of the people is sheep rearing.
Rissa Church, Rein Church, and Rein Abbey are all located in and around Årnset.
It is a roadside halt along the trekking route from Manebhanjan to Sandakphu.
Distance between Pothugal and Musthabad is 3 km.
It lies approximately 4 km north of Pszczyna and 27 km south of the regional capital Katowice.
The village has an approximate population of 80.
It is 12 km from Kanyakumari on the road connecting Kanyakumari with Thiruchendur.
It is also the lowest range and borders Assam, an Indian state.
The population was 359 at the 2010 census.
Rainy Good is a good season to visit here and you can enjoy Maharashtra's Cherrapunji.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Doonagore Castle and Ballinalacken Castle are also in the area.
A few of the larger farmers also make use of irrigation siphons.
Rosalind is a village located in the prairies of central Alberta, Canada.
Trempealeau is a village located along the Mississippi River in Trempealeau County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.
He settled down first at Bokhara in Murshidabad District of West Bengal, which lies on the Azimgunge-Nalhati Branch line of Eastern Railway.
Saidapur is a village in Karimnagar district in the state of Telangana in India, near Huzurabad.
The place name means location of troughs.
The village is located within the Town of Casco.
Sremska Rača is a village in Serbia.
There is a single lane motorable road leading to this village from the National Highway 31 through Hantapara.
It is located near Whitewater Ski Hill.
Sarbinowo [sarbiˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębno, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
The Hill Sawmill was built by William Holbert and J. D. Branning just after the Civil War, one of many they owned in the area.
Downtown Chikballapur is 2 km north of Kandavara, separated by a reservoir locally known as Kandavara Amanikere, and paddy fields downstream from the reservoir.
It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Klimontów.
The westernmost section surrounds Torrence Avenue, a north-south street.
The statistical area "Groenekan", which also can include the peripheral parts of the village, as well as the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 1879.
The original plan called for 90 acres to be devoted to apartments, but the rural neighbors wanted a lower population density.
Some families have migrated to Canada too.
East Wall is an inner city area of the Northside of Dublin, Ireland.
The current mayor is Francisco Robles Carrascosa, from the political party of PP.
According to the Geographic Names Information System, the village has also been known as Leedsville.
The population was 188 at the 2010 census.
Glinica [ɡliˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowice, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Sohan is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.
In 2005 the village had a population of 365.
At the time of the British Mandate in Palestine, most of the families in az-Zeeb made their living from fishing and agriculture, particularly fruit cultivation.
Belgooly is a village in County Cork, Ireland, located 4.6 kilometres to the north-east of Kinsale.
The statistical district "Breeveld", which covers the village and the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 130.
Pandaravadai Perumandi is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk in Thanjavur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Złoty Potok [ˈzwɔtɨ ˈpɔtɔk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
The village is located within the Town of Oxford.
Villages in Kvenvær included Forsnes, Andersskogan, and Kvenvær.
As of 2006, the population was 928.
It has a church which lies on the Wooden Churches Trail around Puszcza Zielonka.
It is located 3 kilometres northeast of Eydehavn and just west of the island of Flosta.
The population was 288 at the 2010 census.
It is two miles off the N7 national primary road.
It lies approximately 4 km north of Niemcza, 22 km east of Dzierżoniów, and 44 km south of the regional capital Wrocław.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 4,359 people.
Hopen is a village in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
It is situated in the Opovo municipality, South Banat District, Vojvodina province.
Zabornia [zaˈbɔrɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogów, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
The population was 1,476 at the 2010 census.
It lies approximately 7 kilometres south-east of Ślesin, 14 km north-east of Konin, and 99 km east of the regional capital Poznań.
With a population of approximately 100 people and 500 goats, Undredal is famous for the brown goat cheese that is still produced the traditional way.
Jangids are came from Surtpura village about 200 year back.
On August 29, 1976, the Dominican Premier, Patrick Roland John, introduced the idea of independence to the nation.
West Leipsic is a village in Putnam County, Ohio, United States.
The village has a population of about 1000. majority people who lives here mainly depend on coconut, rice and nutmeg crop.
The population was 503 at the 2010 census.
Hayes Center is a village in Hayes County, Nebraska, United States, which has served as that county's county seat since 1885.
Ardsley should not be confused with the nearby hamlet of Ardsley-on-Hudson, which is part of the village of Irvington.
Musapur is nearby to cities of Banga and Nawanshahr, and is near to the villages of Rasoolpur, Manguwal, Kahma,Kariha, Bhangalan, Lodhi Pur, Chahal Khurd and Karnana.
In recent years that rule has been changed.
Ramankary is a village in the Kuttanad region of India.
It is very helpful for surrounding village students.
It lies approximately 7 kilometres south-east of Jelenia Góra and 94 km west of the regional capital Wrocław.
In 2001, the town of Kolhorn had 645 inhabitants.
This is the home base for NTNU Parachute Club and NTH Soaring Club.
The community has the name of W. C. Lambert, a local judge.
The reservoir is part of the Tallinn water supply system and is connected via canals to the Pirita, Aavoja and Soodla rivers.
Bayt Dajan, also known as Dajūn, was a Palestinian Arab village situated approximately 6 kilometers southeast of Jaffa.
Most Sherpa who are in the tourism business are from the Namche area.
Carney is part of the Marinette, WI–MI Micropolitan Statistical Area.
It is part of the Joplin, Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Jibacoa, or more properly Playa Jibacoa, is a fishing village in the Mayabeque Province of Cuba.
It is located in Bapatla mandal of Tenali revenue division.
The 1.06-square-kilometre village has a population of 1,408.
Britsum was built on an artificial bank running along the eastern side of the former Middelzee.
At the 2006 census, its population was 603, in 190 families.
This place is famous for being the birthplace of Riaz Ahmed Gohar Shahi, a Pakistani author and spiritual leader and founder of Mehdi Foundation International.
It was founded in 1768 by the Thakurs of one of the branch of Shekhawats.
West Hampton Dunes is an incorporated village in Suffolk County, New York, United States, on the South Shore of Long Island.
Ebulkasım Saltuk Bey was a Seljuk commander.
Winslow is a village in Dodge County, Nebraska, United States.
State Highway 26 [SH-26] passes through village which links district headquarters Seoni with neighboring district Balaghat.
With its collection of architectural structures, Aihoḷe temple complex is on the pending list of UNESCO World heritage sites.
It is situated in the Loznica municipality, in the Mačva District.
The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority and a population of 2, 574.
Hussar is a village in southern Alberta, Canada within Wheatland County.
Victims were often held in locked trains at the Małkinia railway station awaiting transport into the camp.
He died in a town near Sanchore called Hadecha.
Fredericton Junction is a Canadian village in Sunbury County, New Brunswick.
Koottickal is a Town at the base of Western Ghats mountain ranges in the Kottayam district, Kerala.
Next to the pond is a river, Puthanar Channel.
The Village of Odessa is in western side of the Town of Catharine near the town line and is shared with the Town of Montour.
Inukjuak is a northern village located on Hudson Bay at the mouth of the Innuksuak River in Nunavik, in the Nord-du-Québec region of northern Quebec, Canada.
It has the name "Canfea" but is normally called the "Ardgroom" stone circle.
Oxford is a village in Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Dundalk has the highest elevation of any populated place in southern Ontario at 526m.
The only connection to the rest of Norway is a ferry from Øksfjord to Bergsfjord to Sør-Tverrfjord.
The Village of Bloomfield is in the Town of East Bloomfield and is west of Canandaigua, NY.
Orahov Do is a village in Ravno municipality Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Salawas is a small village 22 km from Jodhpur and is famous for durries made by the local craftsmen.
It is surrounded by four First Nation reserves: Muskowekwan, Kawacatoose, Daystar and Gordon.
This village is situated atop the Charmadi hills in the Western Ghats section.
The population was 1,950 at the 2010 census.
Assembly of God Revival Centre also situated here.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Agriculture is the main occupation, but there has been an increasing trend of working outside the state, mainly in Delhi, Rajasthan, and Assam.
The name refers to the wrecking of some ships of the Spanish Armada off the coast.
For details of the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
In 1804, a notable knez from the village, Stevan Andrejević Palalija, was executed alongside some 70 nobles by the janissaries.
The population of the village is approximately 1000.
Pavshyno is a village in Mukachevo Raion, Zakarpattia Oblast and a suburb of Mukacheve.
The annual St Patrick's Day Parade, is one of the social highlights of the year in South Sligo.
Looküla is a village in Anija Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.
Demandice is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.
Haldórsvik is a village located on the north-east coast of Streymoy in the Sunda Kommuna municipality.
The castle site is on top of a ridge 200 metres above sea level.
The Lord Ganapathi Temple is situated on the bank of River Varahi.
In 2016 the men's team reached the quarter-final and the women's team the final.
Livestck breeding is also well-developed, including mainly cattle, pigs, poultry.
In the Middle Ages the village was one of the centres of the Dobrzyń Land.
This designation recognises that the village is working toward the goals of self-reliance, sufficiency and sustainability.
The population was 759 at the 2010 census.
Greenfield is a large village in Highland and Ross counties, Ohio, United States.
Pedalanka is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Borownica [bɔrɔvˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bircza, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
Stukely-Sud is a village of 950 people, part of the Memphrémagog Regional County Municipality in the Estrie region of Quebec.
Of this, 648 were in Lafayette County, and 177 were in Iowa County.
The village is headed by a Sarpanch who is the chief of the Gram Panchayat.
The village lies along the southern shore of the Masfjorden, along Norwegian County Road 570.
Golugonda is a village and a Mandal in Visakhapatnam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
The name is derived from the village's early history as a port on the Black River Canal.
Karuvatta has a railway station as well as good road connectivity as the NH-66 Road passes through it.
Taluk : Uthamapalayam, District : Theni, Constitution : Cumbum(From 2011), Earlier it was Bodinayakkanur.
It is included within the Van Wert, Ohio Micropolitan Statistical Area.
It is one half of the Roman Catholic parish of Kilsheelan & Kilcash in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Waterford and Lismore.
Casselman hosted L'écho d'un peuple, at Ferme Drouin, one of the biggest shows ever presented in Ontario, until the organization ran into financial trouble in 2008.
It is situated in the Kanjiža municipality, in the North Banat District, Vojvodina province.
It is located in Gampalagudem mandal of Nuzvid revenue division.
It is situated on the northern side of a shallow fjord.
The two children here practiced extreme asceticism.
Linthal is a village, and former municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Other Jat Gotras living in the village with number of families are Mahla, Kaler, Bhinchar, Bhakar, Sewda, and Kajala.
Løstad is a village in the municipality of Nittedal, Norway.
Local industry includes the optical cable factory of Nexans Norway and Hepro.
There is another village in Suðuroy with the same name, it is located on the southern side of the bay of Hvalba.
Noordwelle was a separate municipality until 1961, when it was merged with Westerschouwen.
Since 1952, Jackson Center has been the home of the popular Airstream travel trailers and motor homes.
Dallas is a village in Barron County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.
The postal code for both the town and village of Hemmingford is J0L 1H0.
Ballineen belonged first to the Earls of Cork and later to the Earls of Bandon.
Tubilla del Agua is a village and municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain.
It took its name from the Marble Cliff Quarry Co., and at this time stretched all the way from the Scioto River to the Olentangy River.
Kollam railway station is 23 kilometres from Koippadu.
It is located along the Gaula River between the villages of Hovin and Ler.
It is one of the 32 villages of Musugundan Community.
The 1.08-square-kilometre village has a population of 1,489; giving the village a population density of 1,379 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The nearest railway station is Talegaon on the Pune-Mumbai route.
The population was 503 at the 2010 census.
The village is located near The Plains.
It is situated at the eastern side of the coastal al-Ansariyah mountains.
Mingo Junction is part of the Weirton-Steubenville, WV-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area.
This gives the village a population density of 1,169 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The nearest town is North Paravur 8 km away.
It is 45 km from Abu Road.
The nearest town is Mitchelstown in County Cork approximately 12 kilometres away.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 827 people.
Taktser is the Tibetan name of the village of Hongya, together with 13 other villages forming the Shihuiyao Township, of Ping'an County, in Haidong Prefecture.
Teelin was one of the first settlements to appear on maps of Ireland, as it was an important port.
The population was 670 at the 2000 census.
The village has a round tower which is one of only two such towers in County Cork.
Burnham has a Chicago ZIP code, and is often mistakenly considered part of Chicago.
Bolívar is a village in Canelones Department, Uruguay.
Oleszna [ɔˈlɛʂna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagiewniki, within Dzierżoniów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
The population was 28 at the 2010 census.
The population was 69 at the 2010 census.
The population was 450 at the 2010 census.
Czerwińsk nad Wisłą [ˈt͡ʂɛrviɲsk ˌnad ˈviswɔ̃] is a village in Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Vrbno pod Pradědem is a town in the Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic.
Amherst is a village in Buffalo County, Nebraska, United States.
Savino Selo is a village in Serbia.
The village itself has 20 homes and about 74 people.
Križovec is a small village in Međimurje County, Croatia, part of the town of Mursko Središće.
Bombay Port Trust Road on the eastern coast connects Mahul to South Mumbai and Wadala which is a good option for four wheelers to avoid traffic.
Fayetteville is a village in Brown County, Ohio, United States.
Dragobrashte is a village in the Vinica region of the Republic of Macedonia.
Årdalstangen is the administrative centre of the municipality Årdal in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
Maczków [ˈmat͡ʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cybinka, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border.
It is located on the southeastern coast of the Varanger Peninsula, along the Varangerfjorden.
It is adminsistratively part of the village of Cornwallis Square.
Kadaganchi is a village in Aland taluk, Gulbarga district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
The population was 1,330 at the 2010 census.
Until the Partitions of Poland, Bochotnica belonged to Lesser Poland’s Lublin Voivodeship.
It is located at the intersection of Missouri Route 107 and State Route U on the shores of Mark Twain Lake.
The pally runs an institution for students with expenses carried out by the believers under the area of this Masjid and management itself.
About 30,000 Allied PoWs were force-marched westward across Poland, Czechoslovakia and Germany in appalling winter conditions, lasting about four months from January to April 1945. http://www.lamsdorf.com/the-long-march.html
The deity at the Annapoorneshwari Temple at Hornadu is Annapurneshwari.
In 2001, the village of Loenersloot had 336 inhabitants.
The population was 724 at the 2010 census.
The population was 29 at the 2010 census.
Caledonia is a village in Washington County, Missouri, United States.
The village was founded in the late 19th century and expanded during the 20th century around the local railway station: Varhaug Station.
Most of the people in Pannaipuram are engaged in Cardamom cultivation in nearby Kerala hills.
The school served a total of 54 students.
As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 39.
It is the county seat of Vinton County.
There is a connecting road goes to Simhachalam and Pendurthi.
The population was 737 at the 2010 census.
In the 2006 census the population was 3,566, in 1,048 families.
This bird sanctuary has a large nesting colony of spot-billed pelicans.
Pydi-bhimavaram is a village located in Ranastalam mandal in Srikakulam district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Arula is the birthplace of poet and author Mats Traat.
Keezha muhilai people worship Hindu Goddess Devi Mutharamman and mela muhilai people worship the Swamy Sriman Ayya Narayanaswamy.
At the 2006 census, its population was 41, in 8 families.
There are two extraordinary mountain peaks in its neighbourhood, Mali Krš and Veliki Krš.
In Tahsis's heyday the population was roughly 2,500.
A road from Kaup goes to interior places like Manchakal and Shirva.
Miedzianka [mjɛˈd͡ʑaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowice Wielkie, within Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Mylavaram is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Munster was home to the Anglican parish church of St. Stephens, which closed in the 1960s.
The village is located within the Town of Mazomanie.
Following World War II the native German populace was expelled and replaced by Poles.
Middleville is a village in Thornapple Township, Barry County in the U.S. state of Michigan and part of the Grand Rapids Metropolitan area.
The village is within the Town of Genoa.
According to the 2000 census, the population of Aa was 190.
The village is a part of the urban area of Holme.
A large demonstration took place here in 1861.
The Vlist is a river in South Holland which runs from Schoonhoven to Haastrecht where it empties into the Hollandsche IJssel.
It is the mandal headquarters of Somala mandal.
Denizli is the most populated city by the Saluks.
Pachole [paˈxɔlɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Kłoda, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
Husbysjøen is a village in the municipality of Rissa in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
Gandeed is a village and a Mandal in Rangareddi district in the state of Telangana in India.
It is also a parish in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Waterford and Lismore.
Banatsko Karađorđevo is a village in Serbia.
WELY serves the Boundary Waters Canoe Area of far northern Minnesota.
The population was 234 at the 2010 census.
Nearby town to vadinar are as follows zakhar,singach and bharana.
It is situated in the Bačka Topola municipality, in the North Bačka District, Vojvodina province.
The village has the lowest per capita income of any location in Ohio.
It was the administrative centre of the former municipality of Stjørna prior to its merger into neighboring Rissa in 1964.
This house was located in the townland of Aghnahola and was situated behind the current Church of Ireland parochial house.
Eden is a village in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin, United States.
The Agasthya hill range is famous for its abundance of rare herbs and medicinal plants.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Soodla is a village in Anija Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.
Niegosławice [ɲɛɡɔswaˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in Żagań County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.
It borders the spa town of Lisdoonvarna.
The Faaa International Airport is another way to transport in Afaahiti.
It has population of 7460 and people mainly dependent on own small scale business, Farming & Dairy.
It lies approximately 6 km north-west of Żukowice, 13 km west of Głogów, and 101 km north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Labadee is a port located on the northern coast of Haiti within the arrondissement of Cap-Haïtien in the Nord department.
The 0.4-square-kilometre village has a population of 342, which gives the village a population density of 855 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The first census of 1564 reported a grand manor in that village, built long ago in the times of Dukes of Masovia.
Craig Beach is a village in Mahoning County, Ohio, United States.
It is located approximately 70 km distance from Hanamkonda along National Highway-163 which connects Hyderabad in Telangana and Bhopalapatnam in Chhattisgarh.
Wola Dębowiecka [ˈvɔla dɛmbɔˈvjɛt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowiec, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
The town was named after King Anapotha Reddy of the Rajamahendravaram Dynasty.
Martin Purwa is a village in the city of Lucknow in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.
The population was 573 at the 2010 census.
Currently it holds 80 households with a population of 283, 32 of which are ethnically Bosniaks.
Palangad is a village in the Kozhikode District of Kerala, India.
Sirkonda is a village in Nizamabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Two streams, Kazandere and Pabuçdere, surround the town in the south and the north respectively.
Wolica [vɔˈlit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczów, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
In 1900, 1,701 people lived in New Lexington, Ohio; in 1910, 2,559 lived here.
The annual fair of the temple is celebrated with great charm and devotion.
It is the county seat of Morgan County.
Nowa Kamienica [ˈnɔva kamjɛˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kamienica, within Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
It is a part of the municipality of Schagen, and lies about 21 km south of Den Helder.
Hovin is a village in the municipality of Melhus in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
The location of a division point on the railroad, it was for some years the largest settlement in Thomas County.
It is located in the present-day municipality of Steinkjer.
Neville remains a viable community renowned for its low cost of living, negligible crime rate, stargazing and bird watching opportunities, clean air and sunshine.
Until 2015, it was part of Bergambacht.
Hikers can ascend Mt Silisili, Samoa's highest peak, from Aopo.
Prior to 1945 the village was in Germany and known as Siegersdorf.
The village was awarded a Nirmal Gram award in 2008.
Mankombu or Moncombu is a village in the district of Alappuzha in the state of Kerala, India.
The population was 545 at the 2010 census.
The village of Røssøyvågen lies about 5 kilometres northwest of Varhaugvika.
Oxford has won awards for the most beautiful village and the most beautiful toilet.
It lies approximately 8 km north-west of Żukowice, 14 km north-west of Głogów, and 103 km north-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
It is a part of the Udupi District.
This small town hosted early migrants from Travancore.
There is a church called the Glory of Christ in the village.
Assarpur is a small village in the district of Ropar, Punjab, India.
Rensselaer Falls is a village located in St. Lawrence County, New York, United States.
The bird sanctuary is one of the best five of Karnataka.
There is a famous Ananta Padmanabha Swami Temple on this hill.
At the 2006 census, its population was 135, in 48 families.
The village has a population of 50.
Male Pijace is a village in Serbia.
Reipå is a village in the municipality of Meløy in Nordland county, Norway.
Garugu-billi is a village in Vizianagaram district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, India.
The Holy Trinity church was erected about 1583 and received a Boroque equipment including an altar with a Trinity painting about 1730.
Inglewood is a village in Dodge County, Nebraska, United States.
Sixteen death sentences and four sentences of life imprisonment have been given to members of the gang, while others have received shorter prison sentences.
As of 2000, the population is 5,146.
Banatski Brestovac is a village located in the Municipality of Pančevo, in the South Banat District of Serbia.
Nemam is a village, in East Godavari district in Kakinada, in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
San Marcos connects to other lakeside communities by boat and a narrow road.
According to legend, however, the sea always retrieves whatever is taken from it.
Varik is a village in the Dutch province of Gelderland.
It is located north of the town of Cardston, in Cardston County.
Also after the extensive development programme and tree plantations, the Ujaani Talav has transformed into a beautiful lake and a place of pilgrimage.
It is understood that the pollution problem has been resolved but that Blue Flag status must await clean reports during 2008 and 2009.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Ballinadee is on the banks of the River Pound, which flows into the River Bandon, and has a school, one shop and two pubs.
It is best known as the birthplace of American businessman Thomas Edison.
There are two sacred springs called Zamzam, which is in a cave below Sheikh Adi's sanctuary, and Kāniyā.
The 0.27-square-kilometre village has a population of 205.
It is the last human habitation in the Bhyundar valley.
Øvre Høvik is closer to Blommenholm, which is not considered as nice as Høvik.
Moira is a village in the Bardez Taluka of the North Goa District in India.
Ain Dara is located on a southward facing slope overlooking the pine forests of the safa valley at an elevation of 1,300 metres.
The village is located on the mainland of Loppa, along the Langfjorden, and south of the island of Silda.
The village is the world headquarters of Unity, which has over 2 million followers.
It has possessed a post office since 1862.
It was the original home of Reader's Digest, which still uses a Pleasantville postal address.
Karji is a small village in the Ratnagiri district of Maharashtra state in India.
A road passing through this village connects the Railway station with NH 80.
Tōkai is a village located in Naka District, Ibaraki Prefecture, in the northern Kantō region of Japan.
Tourists come to see the fjords for which Norway is famous.
For the waterfalls of the same name see Jog Falls
There is also a hotel, one bank and various shops.
The 0.56-square-kilometre village of Skatval has a population of 949.
The population was 254 at the 2010 census.
It lies approximately 8 kilometres south of Bircza, 25 km south-west of Przemyśl, and 58 km south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
Kadungalloor is a census town, situated 1 km from NH 47Aluva, in Paravur Taluk, Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
The population in this village is roughly 500-1000.
It was well known in the 1920s and early 1930s as the home for several bordellos linked to mobster Al Capone's empire.
Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
There are also ringforts in the area and Dromahane is close to Dromineen Castle.
It is located on the stretch of coast between the estuary of the Valdivia River and that of the Lingue River.
Janta vidyala is a famous school in Jamod.
Entry to Bhangarh is legally prohibited between sunset and sunrise.
The built-up area of the village was 0.23 km², and contained 284 residences.
The nearest airport is Thiruvananthapuram, and nearest railway stations are Parassala and Kuzhithurai .
Hjartås is a village in Meland municipality, located in Hordaland county, Norway.
The Adirondack Park is further north, about an hour away.
Małujowice [mawujɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarbimierz, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
It is a part of the municipality of Velsen, and lies to the west of North-Haarlem.
Loen is a village in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
At one time, this was the only bridge connection across the Ohio River linking Ohio to Huntington.
The corresponding harbour on the continental side is situated in Virtsu.
The village is known internationally for its Solarcar Rally and Eco car races.
The sub-parish of Sævik was separated from Overhalla, together with another sub-parish Vemundvik and the small city Namsos, in 1865.
Elduvík is a small village in the Faroe Islands.
The population of Padhiana was 2885 at the 1991 census.
The river itself is often navigated with canoes which can be hired in Haastrecht.
It is a very beautiful place on the bank of the Akalapuzha River.
The village sits at the end of the long Ringstaddalen valley through which the river Haddalselva flows.
The statistical area "Haaften", which also can include the peripheral parts of the village, as well as the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 2620.
Fevik is a village in Grimstad municipality, Aust-Agder, Norway.
It lies approximately 8 kilometres south of Siemień, 9 km south-west of Parczew, and 40 km north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
Until 1982, Bemelen was a separate municipality.
The population was 984 at the 2010 census.
Walton Hills is a village in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.
Kairon, is a small Indian village in the district of Amritsar, located in the north-west of Punjab.
The 1.04-square-kilometre village has a population of 451.
As any other place, Rishinaradamangalam is also gifted naturally and is a beautiful landscape.
Czernina Górna [t͡ʂɛrˈnina ˈɡurna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
The Bembleshwar temple is also present there.
In 1967 Ráth Chairn received official recognition as a Gaeltacht, following a local campaign.
Ballycotton is a Seaside resort village in County Cork, Ireland, situated about 25 miles east of Cork city.
The village is located about 6 kilometres north of the village of Elvenes.
Conservation experts estimate it at least 300 years old.
Spencer lies about 8 miles northwest of Marshfield, along Highway 13.
In 1937, a Zambezi Bridge, the Dona Ana Bridge was opened at Mutarara near Sena, 25 miles upriver from Chindio.
The village is located along European route E06 and Norwegian County Road 806.
Nedungadappally is known for churches and schools.
Copley also donated a large sum of money for the construction of the town's high school that is currently called Peoples Academy.
The village consists of two hamlets: Býkov and Láryšov.
It lies approximately 12 km south-west of Jawor, and 71 km west of the regional capital Wrocław.
It is the only village in the town.
Harveysburg is a village in Massie Township, Warren County, Ohio, United States.
Naage is a village in Harku Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.
Berseba is a village in the ǁKaras Region of southern Namibia and the district capital of the Berseba electoral constituency.
Orłowice is approximately 7 kilometres south of Mirsk, 28 kilometres south-west of Lwówek Śląski, and 121 kilometres west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The population was 328 at the 2010 census.
Kraśnik Górny [ˈkraɕnik ˈɡurnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec, within Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Trains once ran along this line from Johannesburg to Bulawayo in Zimbabwe, but that service no longer operates.
On 1 January 2006, the village of Goudriaan had 843 inhabitants.
Cornell also helped establish a hostel, called the Cornell Hostel, for the Thakur Phool Singh School.
The community is named after Sir Guy Carleton.
Ganesha temple in Kurudumale, situated on the same road as that of Someshwara temple, but here a huge Ganesha idol is being worshipped from ages unknown.
The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 717 people.
According to the 2001 Census, the population of Kandavara was approximately 4,000.
It is also an Ecclesiastical parish in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Killaloe,.
