Testing began on 19 October 1857 with further testing on 18 December 1857, 21 July 1858 and 28 of July 1858.
It replaced the aging Larkspur radio system, and proved to be more flexible, reliable and far lighter.
The Lanchester Armoured Car was a British armoured car derived from the Lanchester Sporting Forty touring car produced during the First World War.
Factory models are equipped with walnut stocks and forends.
It has a range of over 160 kilometres, with solid propellant, and is 4.0 metres high and 610 millimetres in diameter.
Logistical and transport restrictions, such as limitations imposed by roads, ports, and bridges, also complicated the introduction of a more capable but heavier tank.
82 grenade was a British hand grenade used during World War II.
Following the end of the Second World War the Soviet Union introduced into service the 100 mm KS-19 and 130 mm KS-30.
Weatherby ceased production of its smallest rifle in 1994.
It is marketed and distributed by Remington.
The BA-64 was developed between July and November 1941 to replace the BA-20 then in service with armoured car units of the Red Army.
It was also license-manufactured by Fábrica de Braço de Prata in Portugal as the m/968 and in Mexico by SEDENA as the MG21.
The MP-57 is a submachine gun which was manufactured by Mauser after the Second World War for the then newly established Bundeswehr.
It was also known as the Mark III.
It was first introduced into service with the Russian Army in 1998.
As of early 2015, the FN SCAR is in service in over 20 countries.
The KTO Rosomak is 8×8 multi-role military vehicle produced by Rosomak S.A. in Siemianowice Śląskie, a Polish Armaments Group company.
It carries a 70 kg high explosive fragmentation warhead, though it may also be able to carry chemical warheads.
The 9×19mm MP 3008 was a German substitute standard submachine gun manufactured toward the end of World War II in early 1945.
The B61 nuclear bomb is the primary thermonuclear gravity bomb in the U.S.
However, as of 2014, still only very limited numbers of Namers were in service with the IDF.
The Model 325 Night Guard has since been discontinued.
This weapon has been fielded in Russian forces since at least 1987 and is currently in service with Russian front and army level artillery units.
The vehicle was intended to be heavily armoured.
There are reports that Russia and China are developing their own versions of the Active Denial System.
The MD-82 is a Vietnamese anti-personnel blast mine, that is broadly similar to the U.S. M14 mine, although the fuzing system is different.
With production now complete, the French Army has 406 Leclerc and the United Arab Emirates Army has 388.
Ion cannons are beam weapons that fire beams of ions.
In terms of its operation, it is near identical to the M1911.
Earlier in development the system was designated Type 90-II and Type 90-III.
The Tifon 2A is based on the Soviet T-54/55 tank.
The Vijayanta has been supplemented by the T-72M1 in Indian service.
The first variant of the vehicle was to be prototyped in 2015 and fielded by 2017.
The Smith & Wesson Model 686 is a six- or seven-shot double-action revolver manufactured by Smith & Wesson and chambered for the .357 Magnum cartridge.
it is available in .177 and .22 calibers with a choice of either standard or carbine length barrels.
The first prototype was built in 1972.
The Red Shark missile has a range of 12 miles and carries a K745 Blue Shark torpedo that is deployed by parachute near the intended target.
It was loaded with 10 bullets of 7.63x25mm mauser(.30).
The armor would be cut and welded in the United States, pre-assembled with the windshields and side-rails, and shipped as kits to El Salvador.
When a gun was oriented in its centre of arc it recorded the parallelescope as one of its aiming points.
The extremely limited range of the K-15 Krajina, combined with what is presumed to be a small payload, made the threat from such a weapon minimal.
A claymore refers either to the Scottish variant of the late medieval two-handed sword or the Scottish variant of the basket-hilted sword.
In 1949, the pistol was exported to 28 countries, including Turkey, Great Britain, South Africa, Egypt, Kenya, and Pakistan.
The design consisted of a curved blade put atop a long pole.
The Chaimite was originally an unlicensed derivative of the Cadillac Gage Commando assembled and later produced in Portugal, with a number of improvements and technical modifications.
The onset of World War II halted development of the weapon, which was further modified and put into production in 1948.
The Light Strike Vehicle is an improved version of the Desert Patrol Vehicle it replaced.
It operated on the "Monroe effect" principle, in which a metal-lined cone-shaped explosive charge would generate a focused jet of hot metal that could penetrate armor-plate.
It is in use with the United States Army.
The Model 121's stock is a one-piece modified Monte Carlo, made of American hardwood with a Walnut finish.
Seven letters mailed to media outlets and US Senators on September 18, 2001 and October 9, 2001 contained anthrax bacteria of this particular strain.
It has now been succeeded by the Kh-38 family, but the Kh-25 remains in widespread use.
The weapon is a blank firing training weapon also used for static defence.
Neither the 'Flipper' nor the 'Awl' ever entered production.
Traditionally it was, and in many cases still is, the basic utility knife of the Nepalese people.
The Hedgehog was a forward-throwing anti-submarine weapon that was used during the Battle of the Atlantic in the Second World War.
The mortar was later replaced by the Type 92 battalion gun.
The Mk 1 grenade is a fragmentation hand grenade used by American forces during World War I.
Designed by Kijiro Nambu and built by Hino Motors and Hitachi, total production was about 45,000 guns.
In early 2017, the contract with Orbital ATK was cancelled, calling the future of the entire program into question.
FHTV contract awards include HEMTT and PLS.
The M1 Armored Car was a four-wheel drive American armored car tested by the Ordnance Department in 1931 and briefly in 1932.
The MOWAG Piranha is a family of armoured fighting vehicles designed by the Swiss company MOWAG.
Standard Car 4x2, or Car Armoured Light Standard, better known as the Beaverette, was a British armoured car produced during the Second World War.
It entered service with the United States Army in 1969 and was phased out between 1990 and 1998.
FV430 vehicles, if armed, tend to have a pintle-mounted L7 GPMG.
The Spearfish torpedo is the heavy torpedo used by the submarines of the Royal Navy.
LORA is a theater quasiballistic missile produced in Israel.
The mine may freely drift, be moored at a certain location and depth, or lie at the bottom of the ocean floor.
The International Defence Exhibition & Conference, or IDEX, is a biennial arms and defence technology sales exhibition.
The company Berna was in 1929 purchased by Adolph Saurer AG.
The TADEN was a British experimental light machine gun firing the .280 in intermediate round.
1: "There was never any question about the strength of the action.
Few were manufactured as their use was limited to specialist military units.
According to Chinese military enthusiasts, the upgraded C-101 with the latest improvements is reportedly designated as YJ-16.
It fires the Soviet-designed 12.7×108 mm ammunition.
It has a higher roof than the APC variants, providing a more comfortable "office space" inside.
After the resurrection of the B-1 program in 1981, it was decided to develop an entirely new weapon, the SRAM II.
The Tigerfish was eventually replaced in Royal Navy service by the more capable Spearfish torpedo.
The Type 41 75 mm cavalry gun was a Japanese field gun first accepted into service in 1908.
Within the JGSDF, it is also known as 64MAT and KAM-3.
The cartridge case was 138 mm long, making it the most powerful 20 mm round available.
After some improvement, it came into production as the M3 Gun Motor Carriage.
Consequently, LT-3 is substantially more costly than LT-2, so the latter also remains in mass production as a cheaper alternative of the former.
The Centaur tank was closely related to the Cromwell, both vehicles being externally of very similar appearance.
The M113 is a fully tracked armored personnel carrier that was developed by Food Machinery Corp.
The rocket was so useful that it found numerous applications outside the military world as the Ajax missiles were decommissioned in the 1960s.
It could also be converted from 5.56×45mm NATO to 9×19mm Parabellum by changing the barrel and bolt assembly, to provide a submachine gun for Police forces.
Before it was marketed by Remington Arms, the gun was imported by Charles Daly Charles Daly firearms.
This led to the M2A4 with a 37 mm gun as the main armament.
The X-200 consisted of a salvaged 5-US-gallon oil can filled with napalm and fitted with a black powder bursting charge.
The Type 92 Heavy Armoured Car, also known as the Type 92 cavalry tank, was the Empire of Japan's first indigenous tankette.
Some 1,124 basic units were produced, plus the specialist variants, and many saw action in the Vietnam War.
122 mm howitzer M1910 was a Russian Empire 121.92 mm field howitzer used throughout World War I in large numbers.
It was produced by Mauser and Rheinmetall-Borsig from 1935.
He is best known as the frontman for The Shamen during their most commercially successful era.
Although the weapon was a technical success, it never entered full production due to the political changes of German reunification and lack of procurement contract.
The Wolf's chassis is based on a Ford F-550 truck, and is equipped with a 6-litre V8 engine.
It was created by the Izhevsk Mechanical Plant, located in Russia.
After the Versailles Treaty, the Japanese switched to the French Schneider company, and purchased numerous examples for test and evaluation.
After the war, it was leased to many countries in the NATO.
Adequate crew compartment space provides excellent crew comfort.
The cannon was a result of the Royal Ordonnance of October 7, 1732, enacted to reorganize and improve the King's artillery.
The project to replace the M1918 began in 1941.
Belgian guns, known by them as the Canon de 75 mle 1934, captured by Germany were designated as 7.5 cm Gebirgskanone 228(b).
Upon Jones's death in 1956, millionaire Max Wyman purchased the yacht and renamed her the Wild Goose II.
It can also be used dismounted, with a stock attached as a stand-alone model, or a LLM01 laser light module can be attached to it.
She was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register in 1946.
Upon Jones's death in 1956, millionaire Max Wyman purchased the yacht and renamed her the Wild Goose II.
The Anoa resembles the French VAB, which is also in service with Indonesia.
It was developed by ArmaLite, a division of Fairchild Engine and Airplane Corporation in 1954.
The T-42 was a Soviet super-heavy tank project of the interwar period.
A small number of vehicles, many of them the development prototypes, entered service with the Canadian Army.
This launches a single 333 mm unguided surface-to-surface rocket to a maximum range of 10,800 m.
The 85-mm divisional gun D-44 was a Soviet divisional 85-mm calibre field artillery gun used in the last action of World War II.
Designed to replace the M45 SLBM, it was first deployed in 2010.
Today, the 84/840 is considered a collector's item to certain people who collect the Canadian-made firearms.
The 35.5 cm Haubitze M1 was a German siege howitzer.
Systems that are part of the FASCAM range include:
It is developed with the intention to replace age old Soviet era BMPs and APCs in service with Indian army.
The Type 75 shares a number of automotive components with the Type 74 tank which was developed during the same time.
The vehicle was developed especially for the Polish military contingents in Iraq and Afghanistan in response to requests of the soldiers stationed there.
An underlever lowers the block allowing loading and cocks the rifle.
The FÉG 37M is a Hungarian semi-automatic pistol based on a design by Rudolf Frommer.
The Pansarbil m/39 or Lynx was a Swedish 4x4 armoured car that AB Landsverk began developing in 1937 for the Danish Army.
A successful salvo launch on 23 December 2011 concluded the flight test programme.
Intended to be released on October 14, 2008, the book's release date was moved forward when that same day was selected for the Canadian federal election.
Work was undertaken by General Motors Inland Manufacturing Division to develop workable prototypes of George Hyde's design patented in 1935.
It is a development of the M113A1 armored personnel carrier.
It used captured Russian canister ammunition for short-range engagements, but Rheinmetall manufactured its HE shell.
Dash 10 is an electronic countermeasures pod used on aircraft such as the Blackburn Buccaneer at RAF Honington.
Some of the problems were traced to the magazine, which was deemed too long.
The Dongfeng 5[Wǔ] or DF-5 is a three stage Chinese ICBM.
Javelin is a British, man-portable surface-to-air missile, formerly used by the British Army and Canadian Army.
The Remington Model SP-10 is a gas-operated, semi-automatic shotgun chambered in 10-gauge.
The 1377 was introduced in 1977, and has been in continuous production ever since.
It was most famously used to defend Leningrad during the Siege of Leningrad.
The Willys M38 or Willys MC was a 1/4 ton four-wheel drive utility truck made by Willys between 1949 and 1952.
One alternative approach would be to suppress the strong nuclear force, causing atomic nuclei to blow themselves apart as the protons repelled each other.
It was a rear-aspect, fire and forget pursuit weapon, with a field of attack of 20 degrees either side of the target.
It appears to have restarted in 2004 after a deal with India, who wants to produce the missile in India for their Su-30MKI fighters.
AMT .380 ACP Backup pistols were made by AMT in El Monte and Irwindale, CA.
Two hundred were produced, making them a hard to come across antiquity.
It is a replacement for the older Type 67 82mm mortar used at the battalion level.
After the development phase, the rifle received the military designation 'Bor'.
The Bison was an extemporised armoured fighting vehicle frequently characterised as a mobile pillbox.
Fireflash was the United Kingdom's first air-to-air guided missile to see service with the Royal Air Force.
The Model 121 came with iron sights, with the rear sight being adjustable for elevation and windage.
The pistol continued to be manufactured up until 1944, but no major changes were made during the war.
It was designed in 1977 by the British Royal Small Arms Factory Enfield, then part of the Royal Ordnance Factories.
The Brandt Mle 1935 60-mm mortar was a company-level indirect-fire weapon of the French army during the Second World War.
They were originally designed to use the old gunpowder propellants but from the mid-1890s onwards were adapted to use the new cordite propellant.
The "Makarych" is a family of Russian non-lethal gas pistols with the ability to fire ammunition with rubber bullets.
The maru originated among the Dravidians of south India and was favoured by the Bhil people.
The LAD gun was developed between 1942 and 1943 by V. F. Lyuty, N. M. Afanasyev and V. S. Daykin.
It features a compact design, minimum overall dimensions, small weight, very good accuracy, and fire stability.
Re-usable scalpels can have permanently attached blades that can be sharpened or, more commonly, removable single-use blades.
These knives reflect the culture of Africa before western colonization; both through their design and use.
It was developed as a privately funded venture by Engesa, with little government support.
The 76-mm divisional gun M1936 was a Soviet divisional semi-universal gun, adopted for Red Army service in 1936.
The latter was able to carry a wide range of heavy armament, including a modified Rheinmetall 120mm smoothbore tank gun, despite its relatively light six-wheeled chassis.
Designed in the late 1970s to replace the M39 and M809 series of trucks, it has been in service ever since.
This company is unrelated to the later Savage Arms Company.
The 457 has a 3.75-inch barrel and 7-round magazine capacity.
The TEC-22 is designed to use magazines and drums made for the popular Ruger 10/22 rifle.
The equipment was developed and produced for the Turkish Armed Forces by the Turkish company FNSS Defence Systems.
The Ultimax 100 is used in significant numbers by the armed forces of Singapore, Croatia and the Philippines.
Al-Qaswa is an armoured personnel carrier designed and manufactured in Pakistan by Heavy Industries Taxila.
The SC 250 was an air-dropped general purpose high-explosive bomb built by Germany during World War II and used extensively during that period.
It is designed, manufactured, and distributed by Kimber Manufacturing, Inc. in Yonkers, New York.
The Tanfoglio Force polymer frame model was introduced in 1997, while the Force 99 model with a redesigned frame appeared two years later, in 1999.
Its main roles were as a prime mover for very heavy towed guns such as the 24 cm Kanone 3 and as a tank recovery vehicle.
When the trigger is pressed, the Hellfire device disengages the trigger return spring, which moves the operator's trigger finger.
This weapon uses a newly developed ammunition type of Chinese origin, the 5.8×42mm DBP87.
It consists of a pole, some 6–8 feet long, on which is mounted a spear head with two projections at its base.
It can be wielded in any way.
After missile erection, the container split longitudinally and was withdrawn.
It proved to be too heavy for its role and it was gradually withdrawn from front-line service.
The Maxim gun was a weapon invented by American-British inventor Hiram Stevens Maxim in 1883: it was the first recoil-operated machine gun.
It could accommodate small-angle shifts of up to 6 degrees without having to shift the baseplate though.
Indigenous production amounted to 60% and the vehicles were assembled locally at Sevilla by Santa Bárbara Sistemas.
It was a development of the earlier SPG-82, and entered Soviet service during 1954.
120 mm Schneider-Canet M1897 long gun was a heavy artillery piece manufactured by the French company Schneider-Creusot.
The General Dynamics GAU-12/U Equalizer is a five-barrel 25 mm Gatling-type rotary cannon.
It was first introduced in early 2009 as the RG-32M LTV, and was first purchased by Ireland.
Captured examples in World War II were placed into German service as the 10.5 cm schwere Kanone 332(f) where they mainly served on coast defense duties.
It was also known as a 'skein-bow', and was a torsion device using twisted skeins of silk or sinew to power two bow-arms.
The RPG-26 Aglen is a disposable anti-tank rocket launcher developed by the Soviet Union.
The TP was produced by Walther from 1961-1971 and the improved TPH has been produced continuously since 1968.
The Type 3 81 mm mortar is a smooth bore, muzzle-loading 81 mm infantry weapon used by the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II.
The BT tanks were known by the nickname Betka from the acronym, or its diminutive, Betushka.
General George S. Patton called it "the greatest battle implement ever devised".
The 10.5 cm leFH 18M was a German light howitzer used in the Second World War.
This hammerless dropping-block breech-loader was based on a patent granted to Hugo Borchardt in 1877.
The Type 88, sometimes known as "Hanyang 88", is a Chinese-made bolt-action rifle, based on the German Gewehr 88.
It has been upgraded to FR F2 standard, and is still in service with all branches of French armed forces in this version.
When captured by the Germans, the French guns were designated 7.5 cm GebK 237(f); the Yugoslav guns were designated 7.5 cm GebK 283(j).
The system consists of the gun, and various ammunition types.
The 37 mm Gun M3 was the first dedicated anti-tank gun fielded by United States forces in numbers.
The Langusta is based on a deeply modernized and re-worked Soviet cold-war era BM-21 launcher.
It was also initially used in the role of medium tank trainer within armoured cavalry squadrons in the same way as the AVGP it replaced.
There is no spur on the hammer, thereby reducing the risk of being caught on clothing during unholstering.
The first missile prototypes were completed in 1984.
It was produced by Manufacture d'armes de Saint-Étienne from 1873 to 1887 in about 337,000 copies.
Two operators can load 60 shells and propelling charges in less than 12 minutes.
The SU-122 was a Soviet self-propelled howitzer or assault gun used during World War II.
Fulfilling multiple roles of light utility, light strike and fast attack vehicle, the M1161 Growler is smaller than most international vehicles in the same role.
Centurions modified as armoured personnel carriers were used in Gaza, the West Bank and on the Lebanese border.
Production and rebuilding ran from 1925 until 1934.
The weapon was based on an earlier 160 mm design, the M-58 mortar by Vammas of Finland.
        
The mine is found in the Falkland Islands, Israel, Lebanon and Oman.
The Panzerhaubitze 2000, abbreviated PzH 2000, is a German 155 mm self-propelled howitzer developed by Krauss-Maffei Wegmann and Rheinmetall for the German Army.
It was manufactured in Spain and was imported into the United States by Interarms under catalog number 55000.
A new carriage, made entirely of light alloys, was tested around 1939, but was not accepted for service.
A note of caution here to anyone encountering this system.
The M8 project was eventually canceled in 1997.
By not using old-fashioned rivets, it was hoped to save weight.
It weighs 1,140 g empty, and the magazine capacity is eight rounds.
The Sterling SAR-87 is a military assault rifle of the late Twentieth century.
As such, its etymological origins are the root word tabas and the prefix pang.
This includes a series of kinetic energy penetrators, such as the American M829 series, and high explosive anti-tank warheads.
The system is very capable and effective and has been serving in the Norwegian army since 1988.
The XM70 has an unusual layout for a rocket launcher, borrowing most of its characteristics from towed howitzers.
24 was the standard Czech Army pistol of the inter-war period.
Production of the Hamada type ended in February 1944.
Although the heavy round offered large firepower, the relatively low rate of fire and heavy recoil made hitting targets difficult.
The track links had rubber floats attached to them in order to prevent the vehicle from sinking into the quagmire.
The M110 is to be replaced by the lighter and more compact Heckler & Koch G28.
The Benelli M1 is a semi-automatic shotgun manufactured by Benelli Armi S.P.A..
Another 950 of an almost identical licensed copy of the FT were made in the United States, but not in time to enter combat.
The missile's warhead was developed at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory.
The M-1978 is a 170 mm self-propelled gun of North Korean design and manufacture.
The PLZ-45 self-propelled howitzer is used by the People's Liberation Army of China, People's National Army, Kuwaiti Army & Saudi Arabian Army.
It is a recent People's Republic of China produced family of 8x8 wheeled Infantry Fighting Vehicles.
The overall weight was 130 tons and the length was 77 feet 6 inches.
It was based largely on the FN GP35 Hi-Power self-loading pistol of 1935, but scaled up significantly.
The US Marine Corps has placed an order for 60 vehicles to be fielded in Iraq as Mine Resistant Ambush Protected Category 2 vehicles.
        T
2003D - version for airborne or assault units with shorter barrel.
After 1940, the Wehrmacht designated captured guns as the 7.5 cm FK 234(b) and used them to equip occupation units in Belgium.
Some of the earlier Gribeauval siege guns kept the baroque "dolphin" design for the handles.
It is fitted in the turret of the Challenger 2 main battle tank.
It weighs 18.9 kilograms and 25.6 kilograms.
The Rikhter R-23 is an aircraft autocannon developed for the Soviet Air Force starting in the late 1950s.
The Benelli Argo rifle is manufactured by Italian arms manufacturer Benelli Armi SpA.
It is designed with modern and composite materials, including plastics that reduce weight and improve accuracy.
Once World War II started, the need for weapons quickly shifted from competition and sport to the military, thus Olympia production slowed.
The system was refused acceptance for general service, on the grounds that the launch support electronics was too bulky and fragile.
The Bernier-Couillard Affair erupted in May 2008 over confidential, NATO-related documents left at Couillard's house.
The differences between the Type 99 and the US 81-mm mortar, M1 are pronounced.
The Remington Spartan 100 is a single-shot, break-action shotgun.
It has a terminal guidance system based on an infrared homing seeker, which identifies the target during the final stage of flight.
It was equipped with a telescopic sight, French army standard issue being an APX L806.
The SIG Sauer P320 is a semi-automatic pistol made by SIG Sauer of Exeter, New Hampshire and SIG Sauer of Eckernförde, Germany.
Serbian type and Bulgarian were slightly different in respect of the breech lock while in other aspects they were identical.
The rifles are available in three chamberings: 20mm Vulcan, 14.5×114mm, and most recently Anzio's own proprietary caliber 20/50 .
The Blaster received ample media coverage from abroad.
The Type 87 82mm Mortar is a Chinese infantry mortar developed by Norinco in 1987.
MIRACL failed during the test and was damaged and the Pentagon claimed mixed results for other portions of the test.
XK8 was the first firearm developed solely by the Korean defense company without the request from the military.
The M1, M1A1 and M4 are circular steel cased U.S. anti-tank blast mines with a distinctive cross shaped pressure spider.
It was originally designed primarily for use as an APC or an internal security vehicle, but could be adapted for a wide range of other roles.
It is displayed along with many other bladed weapons.
Many were also manufactured under contract in England, in Belgium, and in Italy at Brescia.
Green Cross is a World War I chemical warfare pulmonary agent consisting of chloropicrin, phosgene and/or trichloromethyl chloroformate.
The Remington 11-87 is a semi-automatic shotgun manufactured by Remington Arms.
Therefore, it was primarily utilized against lightly armored vehicles and for air defense.
The Montigny mitrailleuse was an early type of crank-operated machine-gun developed by the Belgian gun works of Joseph Montigny between 1859 and 1870.
In parallel with development of Munja, engineer units were supplied with combat sets of specialist pioneer equipment which also ranks among the best in that category.
It is manufactured by Benelli Armi SpA of Italy.
The Żubr was designed for enhanced protection against land mines and improvised explosive devices.
It was developed from the RT-2PM Topol mobile intercontinental ballistic missile.
These swords bear strong resemblances to the neighboring Arab.
Connaught Battery is a World War I era harbour defence battery located north of York Redoubt at Ferguson's Cove, Nova Scotia, Canada.
It was used by the United States Army, the British Commonwealth, and South Korea.
Current power levels are at "tens of kilowatts" and planned to be increased to hundreds of kW.
By 1939, the weapon was generally used as an infantry support gun.
The MSMC was designed after the Indian Army's disappointment with the progress of a carbine version of the INSAS rifle.
The weapon was air-cooled and breech-loaded, and fired fixed ammunition.
From January 2009 until they ceased business in January 2010, K.B.I., Inc. imported the handgun as the Jericho.
152 H 88 is the name of a series of modernized 152 mm towed heavy howitzers with 32 caliber barrels.
The effective range of the projectile is 40 meters on an individual and 60 meters on groups of individuals with a maximum range of 100 meters.
The mine is currently being phased out of service with the British army.
First flown in 1949, Matador entered service in 1952 and left service in 1962.
It was designed by a team under Sotiris Sofianopoulos and was proposed to the Greek Army in 1975.
H-S Precision Pro 2000 HTR is a bolt-action sniper rifle.
Ya Zahra is an air defence system designed by Iranian engineers.
The SSG 08 is advertised as capable of sub-MOA accuracy with proper ammunition.
After 30 years of military service, the vz.
It was created in early 21st century.
Since its first deployment in 1957 it has become the most widely deployed air defence system in history.
While it is commonly believed that production ended in 1967, according to Remington representatives records indicate that it actually ended in 1968.
It is also equipped with a dud jettison function to eject a round overboard if it fails to fire.
The turret is fitted with an all-electrical drive system, which incorporates a 2 axis stabilization for Firing on the Move.
The AR-7 was adopted and modified by the Israeli Air Force as an aircrew survival weapon.
It is a re-engineered version of the Accuracy International Arctic Warfare L96 sniper rifle.
The U.S. Army and Air Force are seeking to replace their M9s through the Modular Handgun System program.
It served aboard Battleships, Cruisers and Destroyers during World War II.
Chamberlain and Gander claim that Finland bought some and used them during the Winter War, but this hasn't been confirmed by Finnish sources.
The 12.6-inch barrel is also relatively short for the 7.62×39mm cartridge.
The Zastava M12 Black Spear is a 12.7mm or .50 caliber anti-materiel rifle developed by Zastava Arms of Serbia
The T-13 was a tank destroyer in use with the Belgian armed forces before World War II and during the Battle of Belgium.
There is a version designated for export.
The pistol was not a commercial success, and was discontinued after a short run.
Nonetheless, it was the standard field howitzer for the Austrian Army at the outbreak of the war.
The Apache system is at the base of the SCALP EG concept, notably for the aerodynamics and the stealth feature.
It was designed in 1943 by Henryk Strąpoć and was produced in underground facilities in the area of Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski.
The M1901 Mannlicher Self-Loading, Semi-Automatic Pistol was an early semi-automatic pistol design.
The Lebel Model 1886 rifle is also known as the "Fusil Mle 1886 M93", after a bolt modification was added in 1893.
It is used by both the Norwegian military and police forces, though it was originally designed at the request of the Norwegian Army.
The Eihandgranate used the same fuse assembly as the Model 43 Stielhandgranate, which was screwed into the top of the sheet-metal body.
All of the weapons not in the Philippines were scrapped during World War II.
The weapon is also known by the name VSSK and the additional name Vykhlop, which comes from the development program.
The Savage 10FP is a bolt-action rifle manufactured by the Savage Arms Company and based on the Savage Model 110 rifle.
The new pistol has a "square" shape, which is simpler to manufacture and has a novel operating principle that increases controllability and reduces recoil.
According to the IDF, the Namer is the most heavily armored vehicle in the world of any type.
There is also electronic equipment for detonating roadside bombs or jamming detonation signals.
The People's Republic of China manufactures copies of both versions of this weapon as Norinco Type 23-1 and Type 23-2, respectively.
The missile is equipped with a warhead type hollow charge and a two-stage propulsion system.
The rifle has an open rear sight and ramp front sight with high visibility orange post surrounded by a cutaway hood.
It has a 14.5 in barrel and a telescoping stock.
The system can also be employed against fixed- or rotary-wing aircraft or even surface vessels such as fast attack boats or targets on shore.
It was developed from the Mauser 98 rifle with the introduction of a new bolt system derived from the Gewehr 1888 and Mannlicher–Schönauer.
On reaching the enemy's front line, it would serve as a ramp for the troops and possibly tanks following in its trench.
It was mainly used for testing and training purposes, which included combat missions flown with pumpkin bombs by the 509th Composite Group.
ZSU-37 was a Soviet-made, light, self-propelled anti-aircraft gun, developed by the end of 1943 and produced at Works No.
It is used primarily in incendiary grenades.
Generally TRGs are outfitted with a Zeiss or Schmidt & Bender PM II telescopic sight with fixed power of magnification or with variable magnification.
It was tested by the Czechs as the 15 cm kanon NOa, but was not purchased.
It was chambered in the experimental 8×35mm round, used straight blowback, was fed from a 25-round magazine and had an effective range of 400 meters.
It replaced the earlier Type 88 75 mm AA Gun in Japanese service.
Between 1932 and 1933 yet more trials were held, with 14 different submachine gun samples from Tokarev, Degtyarev, Korovin, Prilutsk and Kolesnikov.
The Pumhart von Steyr is a medieval supergun from Styria, Austria, and the largest known wrought-iron bombard by caliber.
The Type 60 Self-propelled 106 mm Recoilless Gun is a light anti-tank vehicle developed by Japan in the late 1950s.
A prism paralleloscope is a piece kit used by artillery units as a gun aiming point.
In these exercises the Bucher FS 10 Flugzeugschlepper 78 was involved.
All of these are based on the No 3 design.
at the back of the guns, it has a small lever, the other a push through pin.
The Stridsfordon 90 is a family of Swedish tracked combat vehicles designed by FMV, Hägglunds and Bofors during the mid-1980s and early 1990s.
The German S-mine, also known as the "Bouncing Betty", is the best-known version of a class of mines known as bounding mines.
The AMC 35 was one of the few French tanks of the period featuring a two-man turret.
It is of bullpup design and constructed of polymer and steel.
It was designed by Belgian company PRB, with Mecar taking over production after PRB closed.
The actions had "PD" stamped on the receiver, which stood for "public domain," indicating there was no patent infringement in utilizing the design.
The Mark 46 torpedo is the backbone of the United States Navy's lightweight anti-submarine warfare torpedo inventory, and is the current NATO standard.
US Air Force National Air and Space Intelligence Center estimates that as of June 2017 no missiles yet were operationally deployed.
The MK 115 was a gas-operated, belt-fed weapon, and its breechblock used a swinging lock mechanism.
At least three versions survive, a water cooled, an air cooled and a 14/17 version with a 3x telescopic sight.
For Ahmed Shah Abdali please see Ahmed Shah Abdali
It was created in the early 1980s and entered service in the Soviet Army in 1989.
It was originally a contender for a 5.56 mm Australian military service rifle to replace the then-issued Lithgow L1A1-F1 SLR and Colt M16A1 rifles.
The M40 primarily saw action during the Vietnam War.
There is also a safety/selector switch, which can be translated into two points: first - for self-shooting, second - for the automatic.
After five prototypes were produced, the project was canceled due to the lack of priority.
The M27 was also considered too heavy by the U.S. Army and had a disappointing effective range due to the lack of a spotting rifle.
It was well-trained in the use of advanced tactics, including the use of radio-sets.
The Lmg-Pist 41/44 was a submachine gun of Swiss origin.
Parsons flew on the Hiroshima mission as weaponeer.
The sword's name is a shortening of the word "pang-tabas", which means "chopping tool".
The RCWS 30 is a product of Rafael Advanced Defense Systems.
The R9 was rated for standard pressure 9mm ammunition.
The T93 Sniper Rifle is a 7.62×51mm bolt-action rifle designed and manufactured in Taiwan.
It chambered a long 11.25mm centerfire cartridge which had earlier been used in Fruwirth carbines.
LARC-V, is an aluminium-hulled amphibious cargo vehicle capable of transporting 5 tons.
This creates a force which pushes the projectile along the track, accelerating it to great speeds until it leaves the rails and the circuit is broken.
The grenade has a lethal radius of between 4 and 10 meters, and a safety radius of 25 meters.
Tank Ex, or MBT Ex, was the code name of the main battle tank developed by the Indian Defence Research and Development Organisation in 2002.
It was created as an offshoot of the INSAS small arms program.
The MTVR was designed and is manufactured by Oshkosh Defense.
The M19A1 was an improved variant with an auxiliary engine and spare barrels for the 40 mm Bofors guns.
In the Langort position, the point of the sword is extended.
The Iraqi army also developed a solid-fuel rocket version known as Ababil-100.
It was briefly deployed during the 1950s.
The name itself is actually an acronym of the Croatian word Ručni Top 20, or "Handheld Cannon 20mm".
It shares many components with the EE-9 Cascavel armoured fighting vehicle.
It can be attached to most modern assault weapons and rifles using a Picatinny rail system.
These pistols were developed primarily for concealed carry and have a shortened barrel, slide, smaller frame and a reduced magazine capacity.
Jagdtiger is the common name of a German heavy tank destroyer of World War II.
Two were built using pre-World War I coast-defense guns during the 1930s.
Manufacturing also involved factory 5318, 298, 754 and 843.
The Nagmachon evolved from the NagmaShot APC, which in turn was based on Centurion Sho't hulls from the 1970s and 1980s.
The Elefant was a heavy tank destroyer used by German Wehrmacht Panzerjäger during World War II.
It is thought to replace the BM-21 Grad multiple rocket launcher.
M240 variants can be converted to use non-disintegrating belts.
The latter kept the M-10 in service until 2000.
It replaced the BL 5-inch howitzer and equipped some 25% of the field artillery.
Underwater, ordinary-shaped bullets are inaccurate and very short-range.
It was used briefly by the US army in the early 1960s.
The types were known as amphtrack, "Amtrak", "amtrac", etc., and "alligator" or "gator".
Matchmaster barrels were a 27" heavy target semi-floating type.
The Smith & Wesson M&P22 is a semi-automatic pistol chambered in .22 Long Rifle.
The M977 HEMTT entered service with the U.S. Army as a replacement for the M520 Goer.
The Zastava M90 was an assault rifle developed and produced by Zastava Arms in SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia.
At the end the weapon was known as a MG Vollmer, later also as VMG 1927.
The original PZA Loara prototype was based on the chassis of the T-72M tank.
The action was extremely strong, and could easily withstand the increased pressure of the new smokeless powders coming into use by the late 1880s.
The military version of the rifle, which is being used to replace the C3A1 sniper rifle, started as a civilian precision sport rifle.
The launcher is employed primarily by the Singapore Armed Forces and the police and security forces of several other countries.
As of 2017, 10-15 launchers are deployed.
Designed by William B. Ruger, the Standard model and its offspring went on to become the most accepted and successful .22 semi-automatic pistols ever produced.
The Kahr K series is a series of semi-automatic pistols manufactured by Kahr Arms.
The PPG tankette was an attempt to create an infantry carrier to fulfil this role.
          
"9K115-2" is the GRAU designation of the missile system.
Its box magazine could carry eight rounds of ammunition.
Like other "J-frame" Smith & Wesson revolvers, it has a swing-out cylinder, but this model features a concealed hammer, and is part of the Centennial line.
In early May 2002, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld cancelled the $11 billion USD program because he considered it neither mobile nor precise enough.
The Raduga K-9 was a short-range air-to-air missile developed by the Soviet Union in the late 1950s.
For transport, the gun could be broken into eight sections and carried by mule.
The Model 1812 was produced only at Springfield: the M1795 would continue in production at Harpers Ferry into 1818.
The carriage was mounted on a double-crank, curved axle which made it lower to the ground, reducing visibility and improving stability.
The 2S35 Koalitsiya-SV is a Russian self-propelled gun first seen in public in 2015 during rehearsals for the Moscow Victory Day Parade.
The YAK is an armoured and mine-protected transport vehicle produced by the German company Rheinmetall MAN Military Vehicles.
The unified system received the military industrial designation 2A3 and was completed in 1956 at the Kirov Works in Leningrad.
The CB M2 never found any customers and the project was shelved.
It was first produced by Alvis plc.
The Ruger SR1911 is a semi-automatic pistol modeled after the classic M1911A1 pistol, which has been used by the US armed forces for over 100 years.
The shrapnel of this mortar weights 3.32 kg, with a 0.4 kg TNT, and the lethal radius of this shrapnel is 26m.
Japanese infantry units often are equipped with 81-mm mortars.
The manufacturing company, a subsidiary of the Croatian ARMA-GRUPA Corporation, has been manufacturing the ERO and Mini-ERO submachine guns since the mid-1990s.
Originally just produced in 7.62×51mm it was later available in 5.56×45mm and others.
The GAM-63 RASCAL is a supersonic air-to-surface missile that was developed by the Bell Aircraft Company.
The color of the cap indicated the burning time of the type of fuze fitted.
The Brügger & Thomet APC9 is a submachine gun produced and manufactured by B&T, formerly known as Brügger & Thomet of Switzerland.
It was adopted by the Russian Empire in 1869, and was similar to the contemporary Snider-Enfield and Tabatiere conversions.
The weapon is gas operated and is chambered in the 5.56×45mm NATO round.
The 3M-54E1 only travels at subsonic speeds during its entire flight, though range is longer than that of the supersonic versions accordingly.
The Ho-103 was a fixed gun and the Ho-104 a flexible gun.
The Saint-Chamond howitzer served in the French Army after World War I and were mobilised at the outbreak of World War II.
It weighed only about 180 kg and could be dismantled into three pieces - barrel, carriage and wheels, making it easy to move around.
The Colt Diamondback is a revolver manufactured by Colt's Manufacturing Company of Hartford, Connecticut, in calibers of .22 LR, .22 WMR and .38 Special.
It was named for its superficial appearance to a Thermos bottle, a popular brand of vacuum flask.
The Thompson Light Rifle was an attempt by the Auto-Ordnance Company to manufacture a light rifle for the United States Armed Forces.
Work on the new grenade launcher przeciwpancernym started in Societe Europeenne de Propulsion in 1978 year.
The SS1 is the standard assault rifle of the Indonesian armed forces and Indonesian National Police.
It uses the same .45 caliber ammunition as the Colt 1911 and resembles it in overall appearance, frame size and weight.
Inside the mass was inserted a 2 ounce dry guncotton booster, plus a detonator attached to a thirty-second fuse.
This proved disastrous for Star and by 1996 had driven them into bankruptcy.
AEC Armoured Car is the name of a series of heavy armoured cars built by the Associated Equipment Company during the Second World War.
Thunderbird entered service in 1959 and underwent a major mid-life upgrade to Thunderbird 2 in 1966, before being slowly phased out by 1977.
It was carried on only two aircraft: the Tupolev Tu-4 and the Tupolev Tu-16.
The AKM is a 7.62mm assault rifle designed by Mikhail Kalashnikov.
A typical non-retarded configuration has a total weight of 3,049 lb with an explosive content of 1,975 lb of tritonal.
The Fieldmaster 121 series is a .22 caliber, slide action, tubular magazine-fed rifle manufactured by Remington Arms between 1936 and 1954.
So users typically open a balisword with two hands rather than one.
It was replaced in service by the RIM-67 Standard ER.
The Cherokee is equipped with a tactical rail, three-dot windage adjustable sights, and enlarged trigger guard, frame-mounted thumb safety and half-cock safety; no magazine safety.
The PU-21 ПУ-21 is a 5.45 mm machine gun designed by V.M.Kalashnikov and M.E.Dragunov between 1972 and 1977 years.
The Indian Air Force is expected to induct Astra missiles in 2017.
The bomb's receiver and control system were powered by a battery which had around three minutes of battery life.
The gun is noted for being highly modifiable: a cottage industry has formed to provide its enthusiasts with parts and accessories.
Intended for general patrolling in low-threat areas, it is the successor to the Truck Utility Medium with Vehicle Protection Kit.
British troops refer to it as the "Charlie G", while Canadian troops often refer to it as "Carl G".
Glocks are also popular firearms among civilians for recreational and competition shooting, home and self-defense, and concealed carry or open carry.
The MATADOR is a 90-millimetre man-portable, disposable anti-armor weapon system developed in collaboration between Israel and Singapore.
Named after Prince Lazar Hrebeljanović, a 14th-century ruler of Serbia.
The foremost example of an akrafena is the Mponponson, which belonged to Opoku Ware II.
The MAG-7 is a pump-action shotgun manufactured by Techno Arms PTY of South Africa since 1995.
The SM-3 is primarily used and tested by the United States Navy and also operated by the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force.
The gun was also sometimes known as ROQF from Royal Ordnance Quick-Firing.
        
The Medium Tank M7 was originally conceived as an up-gunned replacement for the Light Tank M3/M5.
It weighs 255 kg and with 120 kg warhead that holds 60 kg of explosives.
Based on the design of the Barrett M82/M107 .50-caliber sniper rifle, it is intended to be a lighter, more compact alternative to the M82.
This glitch was fixed while developing the Blue Shark torpedo; a more lightweight variant.
The Willys MB and the Ford GPW are four-wheel drive utility vehicles that were manufactured during World War II.
This is a weapon that projects a stream of ignited liquid, usually oil.
The Kongsberg Colt is a nickname used for Colt M1911 pistols produced under license by the Norwegian factory Kongsberg Vaapenfabrikk.
The ShKAS is a 7.62 mm calibre machine gun widely used by Soviet aircraft in the 1930s and during World War II.
The Żubr can carry 2000–5000 kg within the vehicle and can tow an additional 1500 kg.
After the war, production resumed at NSU.
The mine uses either a glass or porcelain internal case with a protective outer case.
In modern Spanish the word has broadened to refer to various types of blunt wooden weapons, especially a police nightstick.
                    σ
It is operational although its 51T6 component was deactivated in February 2007.
The Canon de 194 mle GPF - was the first French tracked self-propelled gun.
The 140 hp Scania-Vabis petrol engine was in the middle on the left side.
It was planned to be put into service in the Kingdom's armed forces, but the vehicle never entered into full production.
Release was at about 175 miles per hour and 15,000 feet) altitude, giving a range of 17 miles, with an average flight time of four minutes.
It was designed by the Army's own Technisches und Administratives Militär-Komitee as an enlarged 9 cm Minenwerfer M 14 in 1915.
In either original IZH46 or current IZH46M form, the pistol is a very consistent shooting precision 10 m airgun.
The main gun was a conventional 76 mm cannon with a very low profile turret.
As a tank gun, it was the main weapon of the M36 tank destroyer and M26 Pershing tank, as well as a number of post-war tanks.
Following the United States Federal Assault Weapons Ban, imports of SPAS-12 shotguns were stopped into the United States.
BAE Systems Land Systems Weapons & Vehicles has also acquired a production licence.
It was first revealed at the 5th International Defence Exhibition and Seminar, held at the Karachi Expo Centre in November 2008.
The Dardo is an infantry fighting vehicle designed for the Italian Army as a replacement for the M113 APC.
The U.S. Army adopted the M114 in favor of the M113½, but it was employed in the reconnaissance role by the Netherlands and Canada.
The fixed cupola was deeply embedded into the concrete on top of a combat block, with only the top surface visible.
The Tu-95 bomber was in most versions equipped with a total of six AM-23 cannon located in three defensive turrets.
The "B" in the designation is an abbreviation for Buksiruyemaya, which means towed.
The 9K115 Metis is a man-portable SACLOS wire-guided anti-tank missile system of the Soviet Union.
The Heckler & Koch MP7 is a German Personal Defence Weapon manufactured by Heckler & Koch and chambered for the HK 4.6×30mm cartridge.
Factory engraving was done by hand at FN Herstal, and is done by laser engraving with hand finishing at Miroku.
The COP .357 is a 4-shot Derringer-type pistol chambered for .357 Magnum.
The flame thrower nozzle was moved to a rotating turret on the roof of the cabin.
The Ordnance QF 4.5-inch howitzer was the standard British Empire field howitzer of the First World War era.
The vertical-launched missile first became operational in 1993, with more than 450 having been produced by 2007.
They were converted to Heer-standard percussion firing.
Iran says the missile has been mounted on and successfully test-fired from the S-200 air-defense system.
The Ajax is a development of the ASCOD armoured fighting vehicle used by the Spanish and Austrian armed forces.
Design work on the AK-47 began in the last year of World War II.
The 152 mm gun was first designed in 1939 by Bofors for the Koninklijke Marine cruiser Kijkduin, eventually named De Zeven Provinciën.
First deployed in 1979, the Trident I replaced the Poseidon missile.
Tor can detect targets while on the move.
24 was produced for the German armed forces during its occupation.
Pantsir-S1 is a combined short to medium range surface-to-air missile and anti-aircraft artillery weapon system produced by KBP of Tula, Russia.
It has a safety pin and safety lever with a safety clip attached to the safety lever.
Primarily, it was large and heavy, used in skirmishing.
Over 3,000 Renault FT tanks were manufactured by French industry, most of them during 1918.
The business conducted at the 2005 IDEX totalled 2 billion US dollars.
The model 1870 was a minor improvement to the Springfield Model 1868, and retained most of the Model 1868's features.
Of the 4,440 ordered, about 950 were eventually completed.
The SPAS-12 was designed from the ground up as a rugged military shotgun, and it was named the Special Purpose Automatic Shotgun.
Cyclopædia, or an Universal Dictionary of Arts and Sciences.
It has capability to be used in counter terrorist as well as conventional roles.
This particular design of sword was not uncommon among the various ethnic tribes throughout the pre-Hispanic Philippine archipelago.
The chassis is produced by BAE Systems Mobility & Protection Systems, the OEM of the FMTV.
The SKS is a Soviet semi-automatic carbine chambered for the 7.62×39mm round, designed in 1943 by Sergei Gavrilovich Simonov.
Rifle's range is more than 2000 m.
The Lobber was a surface-to-surface cargo missile developed during the mid 1950s by Convair for use by the United States Army.
It could be used in both anti-tank and anti-personnel roles.
The gichang is also called danchang, which means 'short spear'.
The sIG 33 was rather heavy for its mission, and it was redesigned in the late 1930s to incorporate light alloys.
The torpedo was replaced in U.S. service with the Mark 43 torpedo around 1958.
The vehicle was developed from the chassis and drive train of the OT-64 SKOT armored personnel carrier.
At that moment it had also been exported to Poland, Romania, Turkey and Yugoslavia.
It was equipped with a Hotchkiss machine gun, and with 7 mm armour for the gunner.
Scalpel blades are usually individually packed in sterile pouches but are also offered non-sterile.
The M1935 PG Rifle was an automatic rifle concept manufactured by Breda.
The gun is very lightweight and compact compared to other Indian-designed weapons.
The M65 atomic cannon, often called "Atomic Annie", was a towed artillery piece built by the United States and capable of firing a nuclear device.
The Type 97 was manufactured at the Nagoya Arsenal and Kokura Arsenal, with the bulk of them made in Nagoya.
The Crazy Horse rifle or M14SE is a semi-automatic designated marksman rifle based on the M14 rifle.
They were also used ashore as coastal defense guns and later as an anti-aircraft gun, whether on improvised or specialized HA/LA mounts.
The case has a rebated rim, so although the projectiles are comparable with other 37 mm riot control weapons, the loaded rounds are quite different.
In addition to these roles, Patriot has been given the function of the U.S. Army's anti-ballistic missile system, which is now Patriot's primary mission.
There has been talk of adapting it to make an "AWACS killer", a long-range air-to-air missile.
251, and built by the DEMAG firm, for use by Nazi Germany in World War II.
An intercontinental missile, the R-39 had a three-stage solid-fuel boost design with a liquid-fuel post-boost unit carrying up to ten multiple independently targetable reentry vehicle warheads.
Its rejection was because of a greater proficiency with the AK-47 among the Russian military.
It is a carbine of modern design, weighing 3.27 lb.
An example can be seen at the Satria Mandala Museum in Jakarta.
The Type 87 35 mm automatic grenade launcher is an air-cooled, gas operated fully automatic weapon and is crew transportable with limited amounts of ammunition.
This model had no magazine and was a single-shot rifle.
The A-Bolt replaced the Browning BBR in 1984.
Testing by the Norwegian military revealed the Krag–Petersson was a robust, accurate and quick-firing weapon, and the Royal Norwegian Navy adopted the rifle in 1876.
The FARA 83 or FAA 81, "Argentine Automatic Rifle" was a rifle locally designed and developed for the Argentine Army in the 1980s.
The MGM-52 Lance was a mobile field artillery tactical surface-to-surface missile system used to provide both nuclear and conventional fire support to the United States Army.
The MT-55A is an armoured vehicle-launched bridge tank, manufactured by ZTS Martin in Slovakia.
BUL also provided the polymer frame to other firearms manufacturers for production of Springfield Armory, Kimber Polymer and Charles Daly Polymer 1911 pistol lines.
The AK-107 receiver is not fluted and a three-round burst feature has been added.
Presstoff is the German-language term for a type of ersatz or replacement leather used during the first half of the 20th century.
The Mark 48 and its improved Advanced Capability variant are American heavyweight submarine-launched torpedoes.
The Redeye was withdrawn gradually between 1982 and 1995 as the Stinger was deployed.
The Model 1812 was a .69 caliber smooth bore musket, with a 42-inch barrel and a 54-inch stock, and a total length of 57 inches.
The Roland production was from 1964 to 1980.
This newer design entered production in 1947 as the T-54/55 series of medium tanks, the most-produced tank of all time.
The Cromwell tank, officially Tank, Cruiser, Mk VIII, Cromwell, was one of the series of cruiser tanks fielded by Britain in the Second World War.
Sage also produces a variety of projectile launchers chambered for 37 mm Sage Rifled munitions.
There are significant differences in weight and some features among some versions which restrict interchangeability of parts.
The 10" Mark 43 torpedo was the first and smallest of the United States Navy light-weight anti-submarine torpedoes.
Modeled after Renault's Véhicule de l'Avant Blindé armoured personnel carrier, the VBC-90 was engineered in concert with Saviem and Creusot-Loire.
The Yanmaodao is a type of dao used as a standard military weapon during the Ming Dynasty and middle Qing Dynasty.
The mines have a central raised pressure plate a fuze assembly, similar to the SH-55.
The Thompson was favored by soldiers, criminals, police, and civilians alike for its large .45 ACP cartridge, accuracy, and high volume of automatic fire.
Depending on the parts of the body attacked, organs may be ruptured or otherwise damaged.
The name of Club is used for export versions.
The Ruger SR40 chambered for the .40 S&W cartridge came out in October 2010, and the compact SR40c in June 2011.
It was also produced in Czechoslovakia and Poland.
The Agram 2000 is a Croatian submachine gun based on Beretta's model M12.
The AGM-86 ALCM is an American subsonic air-launched cruise missile built by Boeing and operated by the United States Air Force.
The Solothurn-Arsenal was an Estonian copy of the Swiss S-18/100 anti-tank rifle.
The Denel Dynamics MUPSOW is a guided weapon designed for pinpoint strikes against soft targets such as airfields, bunkers and command-and-control centers at stand-off ranges.
The Type 99 Mark 1 cannon and Type 99 Mark 2 cannon were Japanese versions of the Oerlikon FF and Oerlikon FFL.
When firing APDS rounds, the 77 mm HV was a superior weapon to the 75 mm KwK 42 gun of the equivalent Axis tank, the Panther.
An anti-tank variant of the Spartan has been produced, named FV120 Spartan MCT; this is armed with MILAN anti-tank missiles.
The Ratel-20 is the primary squad IFV, with the Ratel-60, Ratel-90, and Ratel-ZT3 used primarily in anti-armour, support, and reconnaissance elements within a battalion.
The Type 10 grenade discharger was a Japanese smoothbore, muzzle loaded weapon used during the Second World War.
The detachable buttstock was also a machete that came with a canvas sheath.
The tank was reliable and simple to maintain, and its design was continually modernised between 1931 and 1941.
A simple, improvised design the Garland mortar consisted of a smoothbore steel barrel fixed at 45 degrees to a solid wooden base.
The Colt Commander is a single-action, semi-automatic, magazine-fed, and recoil-operated handgun based on the John M. Browning designed M1911.
The M61 and its derivatives have been the principal cannon armament of United States military fixed-wing aircraft for fifty years.
It was designed by Krupp to rectify the shortcomings of the 7.62 cm Infanteriegeschütz L/16.5.
Eventually a total of over 39,700 "St-Etienne" Mle 1907 machine guns were manufactured between 1908 and late 1917.
The M26 Modular Accessory Shotgun System is a developmental under-barrel shotgun attachment for the M16/M4 family of United States military firearms.
The Beretta ARX160 is an Italian modular assault rifle manufactured by Beretta.
Early models used an aluminum cylinder as well as frame.
In the end, only a small number of machines were constructed and none were used in combat.
Some designs had protrusions from the middle or base of the blades, making the head similar in profile to a partisan.
The prototype, named "Mother", mounted a 6-pounder cannon and a Hotchkiss machine gun at each side.
The No 6 Grenade is a hand grenade used by the United Kingdom during World War I.
The Dutch appear to have bought guns with both 40 and 42 caliber barrel lengths.
New engine,new Air conditioner, and a new vision cameras have been added.
Derived ultimately from the early Medieval lugged spear, the earspoon developed in the 14th century.
This allows the user to attach various scopes and red-dots onto the rail to aid in aiming the weapon.
Kárpáti was a member of the Hungarian Fencing Federation from 1961 to 1991.
The Gebirgsflak 38 was fired using a foot pedal on the right front of the flak mount.
Stechkin's gun was slightly more accurate than Nikonov's, but turned out less reliable, mainly because it accumulated more fouling.
In accordance with treaties banning the use of anti-personnel mines, the UK has destroyed all its stocks of L10s.
The Dong-Feng 21) is a two-stage, solid-fuel rocket, single-warhead medium-range ballistic missile in the Dong Feng series developed by China Changfeng Mechanics and Electronics Technology Academy.
The Agni-IIA is a more advanced version of Agni-II, albeit with more sophisticated and lighter materials, yielding a better range and operating regime.
Ya Zahra missile system's capabilities include deployment under all types of weather conditions and on different lands as well as its mobility".
Elements of FTTS-UV ACTD were fed in to the ongoing Joint Light Tactical Vehicle program, this the replacement for part of the HMMWV fleet.
In addition, 108 vehicles were sold to Morocco and 12 to Qatar.
All the 152 H 88 series artillery pieces are being withdrawn from service and scrapped.
The Type 94 pistol entered production in 1935.
The back of the vehicle is designed to be extended by an attached tent to form a briefing area.
The BL 6 inch 80 pounder gun Mk I was the first generation of British 6-inch breechloading naval gun after it switched from muzzle-loaders in 1880.
The Bangladesh Army ordered 44 MBT-2000s from China in 2011.
The M18 recoilless rifle was a 57 mm shoulder fired anti-tank recoilless rifle used by the U.S. Army in World War II and the Korean War.
It's an open bolt design which means it fires when the bolt is in the locked back open position with a fixed firing pin.
By the start of the Civil war, the weapon was considered to be old and obsolete, but was needed to fill arms shortages.
A submachine gun, a light machine gun and a semi automatic rifle were developed to replace all the existing small arms.
Major features include micro-groove barrel, a 2-position safety lever, walnut stock, and 7-round box magazine.
The barrel and slide are forged 18CrMo4 and 34NiCrMo6, respectively.
The S&W Ladysmith and LadySmith are a series of handguns manufactured by Smith & Wesson starting early in the 20th century.
Most typically deployed as a combined gun and missile system, it provides defence against anti-ship missiles, anti-radar missiles and guided bombs.
Only later did they acquire Montigny mitrailleuses.
It was developed by the chief technician Salvatore Carcano at the Turin Army Arsenal in 1890 and called the Modello 91 or simply M91.
35 was a Czech field gun used in the Second World War.
        
The TACAM R-2 was a Romanian tank destroyer used during World War II.
The vehicle takes its name from the Greek word for Centaur the creature from Greek mythology.
The 28 cm SK L/40 "Bruno" L — Länge was a German railroad gun.
The ArmaLite AR-50 is a single-shot bolt-action target and manufactured by ArmaLite.
Adapters are available that allow the use of standard-capacity Beretta 92 series magazines.
It was one of several firearms either manufactured or altered by Merrill in fulfillment of contracts with the Union government during the U.S. Civil War.
The 28 cm SK L/45 was a German naval gun that was used in World War I and World War II.
The weapon contained ninety 4-pound M83 fragmentation submunitions - a direct copy of the earlier German Butterfly Bomb - in 9 ten-bomb "wafers".
The M1 was succeeded by the Benelli M2, Benelli M3 and Benelli M4 models.
By late October 2014, the Iron Dome systems had intercepted over 1,200 rockets.
In the personnel carrier role, it has capacity of up to 10 soldiers.
The RM380 is a redesign of the Rohrbaugh 380 pistol, itself a version of the 9x19mm Rohrbaugh R9.
These guns saw service in the Red Army during the war.
Crews of 85-mm AD guns have claimed to have shot down 4,047 Axis aircraft.
The sword is handed down from Eid to his kinsman Thorkel Eyjólfsson.
The Model 7400 was a replacement of the Model 740 rifle which Remington produced from 1952 to 1981.
Many countries have developed and use mines like the Claymore.
It was intended to be capable of being launched from both sea and ground sites and had a maximum range of 2000–2500 km.
The T-37A was a Soviet amphibious light tank.
CornerShot is a weapon accessory invented by Lt. Col. Amos Golan of the Israeli Defense Forces in cooperation with American investors.
The weapon is lighter in weight and has a high rate of fire and has an unusual trigger guard.
It was used to tow the 25 mm SA anti-tank gun.
They had three children, John, David and Roger.
It was adopted for Red Army service in 1939 and used extensively in World War II.
Carbon has 15 known isotopes, from 8C to 22C, of which 12C and 13C are stable.
Many of those elements were used to upgrade existing fleets of T-72 tanks in countries including the Czech Republic, Georgia and India.
It also marked the introduction of .38 ACP, the round for which it is chambered, and was the first handgun to utilize short-recoil operation.
It was designed by Fratelli Tanfoglio in Brescia, Italy and imported by European American Armory in Rockledge, Florida.
The Remington Model 8 is a semi-automatic rifle designed by John Browning and produced by Remington Arms.
The first German man-portable flamethrower was called the Kleinflammenwerfer or "Kleif".
The action on the Albini rifle was designed by an Italian officer Augusto Albini and was perfected by an English gunsmith, Francis Braendlin.
Its derivatives are the AK-107 and AEK-971.
Murgleys, or Murgleis is the sword of Ganelon, a traitorous French count and nemesis to the titular hero of the epic La chanson de Roland.
In 1998, MRI moved manufacturing back to IMI, which later reorganized under the name Israel Weapon Industries.
The Heckler & Koch SL7 is a roller-delayed blowback operated sporting carbine made by Heckler & Koch.
It was manufactured by Wilkinson Arms from 1970 to 1998.
This allows for thrusting attacks and overall handling similar to that of the jian, while still preserving much of the dao's strengths in cutting and slashing.
Early in the Finnish Civil War many of these guns were taken over by the Finnish White Guard and became its de facto standard artillery pieces.
This means the bomb's fins deflect fully, rather than proportionally when it is attempting to guide to the laser spot.
                
Anti-tank mine, a land mine against vehicles
The 1894 was produced by the Winchester Repeating Arms Company through 1980 and then by U.S.
The rifle is available in numerous different designs and stylings.
In 2003 special operations troops were armed with the 7.62 mm 6S11 sniper system comprising the SV-98 sniper rifle and 7N14 sniper enhanced penetration round.
In British Army use it was replaced by the Chieftain.
With the addition of a special sustainer motor, however, range can be increased to 7.5 km.
A sidearm may be carried alone, or as a back-up to a primary weapon such as a rifle or carbine.
              4
The trade-off was weaker side armour, which made it vulnerable to flanking fire.
The Autoblinda 40, 41 and 43 were Italian armoured cars produced by Fiat-Ansaldo and which saw service mainly during World War II.
Each NKL-26 was operated by two crewmen.
Historically, the term "waster" was used in English to refer to cudgels or clubs used as weapons, in addition to wooden swords.
The blade was thin enough to strike through the gaps between armour plates.
Iron Dome was declared operational and initially deployed on 27 March 2011 near Beersheba.
Danish guns were known in German service as the 7.5 cm Feldkanone 240(d).
The RT-61 is currently used by the French Army, and is produced under licence by Germany, Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, Brazil, Japan and Turkey.
This versatility permitted their use with mounted forces in areas where roads were little more than paths.
Another scenario was to wire an instantaneously fuzed grenade to a door-frame in an abandoned building.
Three missiles were launched from the ground and three by helicopters.
The T-55AGM is a medium tank, a Ukrainian modernization of the T-54/T-55 developed by the Morozov company.
It was used Imperial Japanese Army but was not considered successful and was replaced by the Type 92 10 cm Cannon.
The 2S1 Gvozdika is a Soviet self-propelled howitzer based on the chassis MT-LB APC, mounting the 122 mm 2A18 howitzer.
It was designed to be fired from submerged submarines to target surface ships.
Eland was developed for the South African Defence Force in South Africa's first major arms programme since World War II, with prototypes completed in 1963.
The 24 cm Kanone 3 was a German heavy siege gun used in the Second World War by the first battalion of Artillerie-Regiment 84.
It is also often referred to as GMW or GraMaWa.
The abbreviation TP is commonly used for "target practice" rounds.
The vehicle is protected in all directions.
It is chambered for the 6.5 x 50 mm cartridge.
In June 2010, Ruger released two new models of the LCR.
The South African version was called the J-69, was an identical copy of the Italian version.
It remains one of the most common Western-built wheeled armoured personnel carriers in the world.
Its relative heaviness made it unwieldy and, thus, easily avoided.
They have a distinctive leaf-shaped blade, with a relatively rounded point.
The firearms market generally lacked experience with synthetic stocks, making the Nylon 66 a risky gamble for Remington.
It was one in a series of super-heavy siege guns developed by Krupp before World War I.
Although lightly armoured, the vehicle's permanent 4X4 drive makes it faster over flat terrain than many tanks.
The Armstrong Breech Loading 20 pounder gun, later known as RBL 20 pounder, was an early modern 3.75 inch rifled breech-loading light gun of 1859.
The Brixia Model 35 was an Italian small-sized, rapid firing light mortar of World War II.
It also had some usefulness against lightly armoured ground targets.
The K-frame is somewhat smaller and lighter than the original N-frame .357, usually known as the S&W Model 27.
It was unable to defend against more capable bombers or multiple targets in formation, and had relatively short range.
The lead designer of the rifle is Pyotr Serdyukov.
It was tested on the British Challenger 2 as a potential replacement for its current weapon, the rifled L30 120 mm cannon.
These handles fold away from the blade to expose it.
27 is a Czechoslovak semi-automatic pistol, based on the pistole vz.
Variables included in the calculation are aircraft velocity, target velocity, target elevation, distance to target, forces on the projectile, and others.
The Engesa EE-T1 Osório was a Brazilian main battle tank prototype.
In January 1943, the decision was made to mount the 76 mm on the vehicle that would become the M18.
It was used by British Forces in all the main theatres, and by British troops in Russia in 1919.
The Chinese dragon beard hook is a thrown entangling/trapping concealable weapon.
The Model 1913 was the first semi-automatic produced by Smith & Wesson.
It was based on captured plans of the World War II era German S-mine and has similar performance.
They were used by surface ships and submarines rather than aircraft which used smaller 18 inch torpedoes.
Also Ya Zahra has a full mobile version named Herz-e-Nohom.
It was developed in 2011 and put on production display in February 2012.
The name Martel is a contraction of Missile, Anti-Radiation, Television, referring to the guidance options.
These were stood on whilst chanting incantations, to serve as a magic vehicle.
The 75 mm Reșița Model 1943 was an anti-tank gun produced by Romania during World War II.
NEMO, is a single barrelled 120 mm unmanned mortar turret currently being developed by Patria Weapons System Oy in Finland.
The Aris AA Missile system was a medium-range surface-to-air missile originally developed for the Hellenic Army.
It was developed during the Winter War with Finland to include a 152 mm gun to destroy concrete defensive structures like bunkers and anti-tank obstacles.
247 was an armored command car used by the German Armed Forces during World War II.
It was headed by Marconi Underwater Systems as prime contractor with Ferranti Computer Systems and Gresham Lion as major sub-contractors.
It was known by the nickname Brummbär by Allied intelligence, a name which was not used by the Germans.
In each squad, there was one M/26 gunner, one assistant and the rest of the men carrying rifles.
The gun is available in 20 gauge and 28 gauge.
The vast majority of powertrain and vehicles for the off-road line are manufactured in the Osceola and Roseau facilities, respectively.
The Mungo is based on the Multicar M30/FUMO and is produced by Krauss-Maffei Wegmann.
A number were appropriated by the Germans after German occupation of Czechoslovakia in 1939 and used under the designations 3,7 cm PaK 37.
PARS 3 LR will be able to be fired in salvos of up to four in eight seconds.
It was developed by Škoda Works as an alternative to a German design from Rheinische Metallwarenfabrik/Ehrhardt for which ammunition could not be procured.
A new variant of the M14, the Mk 14 Enhanced Battle Rifle has been in service since 2002.
The AS-90, known officially as Gun Equipment 155 mm L131, is an armoured self-propelled artillery weapon used by the British Army.
It would have been about 22 inches in length and had three different shaped blades projecting at different angles to maximize damage to the enemy.
Towing is accomplished by a towing hitch that is screwed onto the muzzle of the weapon.
The last, fifth one has modified look of a forward part, and minor improvements.
The No 2 grenade is a percussion cap fragmentation and rifle grenade used by the United Kingdom during World War I.
The Official Police was also used by various U.S. and allied military forces during World War II.
It was replaced by the Model 572 Fieldmaster in 1955.
            
Its muzzle velocity was still considerable, but its rate of fire was only 400 rounds per minute.
It was initially offered by Izhevsk Mechanical Plant for export sales and for private security companies as an enhanced version of the famous Makarov PM pistol.
It was for the large part replaced in its primary role towing the 25 pdrs by the Morris C8 "Quad".
The initial design completed by Convair in 1953 was larger than the missile that eventually entered service.
An Apache revolver is a handgun which incorporates multiple other weapons, made notorious by the French underworld figures of the early 1900s known as Les Apaches.
This ship was also featured in the 1967 film The President's Analyst, doubling as a Canadian spy ship.
The Model 39 Eihandgranate was a German hand grenade introduced in 1939 and produced until the end of World War II.
              
The Army's plan was to introduce the subsystems in "spirals" every two years, instead of one large rollout every ten years.
Most of its development was at Naval Ordnance Station Louisville for the US Marine Corps in order to replace the single-shot M203.
The OTs-01 Kobalt is a Russian double-action 9 mm revolver designed by Igor Stechkin and Boris Avraamov.
The Lahitolle 95 mm was also used in the fortifications of the Maginot line.
In evolving configurations it has been in continuous production since 1982.
These are made in Bolivia, with variants such as tank hunters with guided missiles, or infantry support with multiple 70mm rocket launchers.
The array of four antenna which surround the nose are SARH receivers which functioned as a continuous wave interferometer.
The qualifier "26cwt" refers to the weight of the barrel and breech together which weighed 26 long hundredweight.
The MO-120 RT-61 is issued to artillery units, where it augments the 155 mm towed artillery.
In Royal Navy service they were modified to use the standard 12-pounder shell.
LT series upgrade kit can be fitted to a variety of gravity bombs, up to five tons.
It was intended to be built by Chrysler, but no vehicles were ever manufactured.
In addition to this they could be employed as a projectile as well as used to make fire and make ochre.
The M 17 version of this weapon had an elevation screw with a double thread and reinforced trunnion bearings.
It homed in on the reflection of a laser beam which was projected onto the target by ground troops.
A total of 255,040 of these were manufactured from 1864 to 1865.
Kaya is designed and developed by Otokar as a mine-protected vehicle.
Akrep is a Turkish infantry mobility vehicle developed by Otokar Otobus Karoseri Sanayi AS.
Cavalry models featured a turned-down bolt handle, and early versions had a stacking hook near the end of the stock on the right side.
The BAR never entirely lived up to the original hopes of the War Department, being neither a rifle nor a machine gun.
Grizzly was the most powerful semi-automatic pistol ever commercially produced.
The Remington 1100 was the first semiautomatic shotgun to feature significant improvements in felt recoil, weight and reliability.
While the rifle had no select fire capability, single shots could be achieved by releasing the trigger quickly.
The RPU-14 is a Soviet 140mm MRL of similar design to the Type 63.
The Type 1 number was designated for the year the gun was accepted, 2601 in the Japanese imperial year calendar, or 1941 in the Gregorian calendar.
It is very similar in concept to the World War II Soviet 37mm Spade Mortar.
Alternatively, the air-launched version is also called YJ-1 by Chinese, with YJ short for Ying Ji, meaning Eagle Strike.
Since then, it has been further developed and evolved into the Python-4, Python-5, Derby and also, the SPYDER, an advanced ground-based air-defence system.
By 1941 it was replaced by other types and found new uses with ground troops.
Subsequent modifications increased the armament to four PV-1 guns with 4,000 rounds total.
However, the pistol did have some flaws.
The Panter howitzer is an artillery weapon developed by MKEK for the Turkish Land Forces Command.
The first gun, version 1.0, is made up of 34 3D-printed 17-4 stainless steel components.
Originally designed as a surface weapon, it was used in a number of other roles such as anti-aircraft and coastal defence; wet-mounts were developed for U-Boats.
The design of the M-37 is based on the earlier French Brandt mle 27/31 mortar with Russian modifications.
        Γ
BrahMos Aerospace named the missile BrahMos-II in honour of the former President of India, APJ Abdul Kalam.
The 10 cm Gebirgshaubitze M 8 was a mountain howitzer used by Austria-Hungary during World War I.
Early Tranter revolvers were generally versions of the various Robert Adams-designed revolver models, of which Tranter had produced in excess of 8000 revolvers by 1853.
Two gun shields were produced for the weapon, an early type, which folded into thirds, and a late type, which folded in half.
The Bofors 75 mm Model 1934 was a mountain gun produced in Sweden by Bofors and sold abroad widely.
It was launched during the 2007 International Defence Exhibition and Conference in Abu Dhabi, the largest arms exhibition in the Middle East.
A ball turret was a spherical-shaped, altazimuth mount gun turret, fitted to some American-built aircraft during World War II.
Iranian defense minister announced that Sayyad-2 covers medium range and high altitudes and it has a combined guidance system.
The SR-3 Vikhr is a Russian compact fully automatic assault rifle chambered in 9×39mm subsonic cartridge.
Captured weapons were used by the German Heer as the 10.5 cm leFH 325(f) and assigned to training and second-line occupation units.
Armed with a single machine gun, it is almost indistinguishable from the FV102 Striker in external appearance.
The PA-15 was introduced in 1966 along with a short-lived 8-round version with a single stack magazine, the P-8.
In terms of GDP, it has the largest economy among European non-capital cities.
Pulling the trigger releases the slide into the neutral position.
Its external safety is compatible to the ambidextrous shooter, with an ambidextrous safety catch.
It is under development by Bharat Dynamics at Hyderabad.
The French 75 was designed as an anti-personnel weapon system for delivering large volumes of time-fused shrapnel shells on enemy troops advancing in the open.
The device was a simple tube like an infantry mortar of 70 mm or 81 mm caliber.
The sniper rifle often abbreviated as HTR 2000 or 338.
73 and the Grenade, Hand, Anti-Tank, No.
The PLR was designed for recreational target shooting, and small game, varmint, or predator hunting.
The S6 NBC Respirator was a protective gas mask issued to the British armed forces.
The UR-100N is an intercontinental ballistic missile in service with Soviet and Russian Strategic Missile Troops.
The first automotive torpedo was developed in 1866, and the torpedo boat was developed soon after.
              
The RTV-A-2 Hiroc was the was the United States' first attempt at an intercontinental ballistic missile.
The name "tank" was initially a code name to maintain secrecy and disguise its true purpose.
Approximately 110,000 Mauser-Milovanović rifles entered the Serbian arsenal.
The Jarmann M1884 is a Norwegian bolt-action repeating rifle designed in 1878 adopted in 1884.
It originated as a joint design by the UK and Canada.
The Skoda Model 1928 Gun was a Czechoslovak long-range, dual-purpose cannon designed for the attack of static fortifications and coastal defence duties.
Helkir, as well as other mines developed by Hirtenberger, like the APM-1 and the APM-2 anti-personnel directional mines, do not appear on the company's current website.
The PPS pistols are also made under license in Poland by Fabryka Broni Radom.
The M1 gun was used by the Army for air defense from 1944 to 1960.
It was designated the Type 97-Kai or Type 97 Shinhoto Chi-Ha.
It was first manufactured by the Ordnance Manufacturing Corporation of El Monte, CA.
Intended for sales to the US Army and Canadian Army, the system was developed and produced at a new facility in Quebec.
The Leichter Panzerspähwagen was a series of light four-wheel drive armoured cars produced by Nazi Germany from 1935 to 1944.
The system is transportable, as it can be moved to other prepared sites.
The Beretta DT10 is an over and under shotgun.
Although now obsolete it was used by a large number of countries during the Cold War.
It was carried on board Typhoon-class submarines.
The launcher is attached to a control box that is equipped with a binocular sight and control joystick.
However, the SB-33AR has an integral anti-handling device specifically designed to injure deminers.
It was based on the US M4 Sherman, but fitted with the powerful 3-inch calibre British 17-pounder anti-tank gun as its main weapon.
They were unpopular with the field artillery as they were thought to be too heavy and were withdrawn from field duty during the Continuation War.
It is popular with irregular and guerrilla forces.
It was the first rifle to chamber the smokeless powder round, the .30 WCF.
        
BWP-2000 is a prototype Polish IFV developed from early 1990s to 1999 but eventually canceled.
It was developed in 1987 by TsNIITochMash.
The international community considers indiscriminate attacks on civilians and civilian structures that do not discriminate between civilians and military targets as illegal under international law.
The fuel spreads across an area approximately 15 m wide and 50 m long and burns at 1,300 °C.
In 2008 AMZ-Kutno developed new, bigger variant Tur 2, being a different car in fact.
The chainlock is mainly used in areas where other hand held weapons, such as knives, are not readily available.
The longrifle was made popular by German gunsmiths who immigrated to America, bringing with them the technology of rifling from where it originated.
It can be guided by wire or by autonomous active or passive sonar, and provides both anti-submarine warfare and anti-surface ship warfare capability.
The TP-82 was a triple-barrelled Soviet pistol that was carried by cosmonauts on space missions.
In recent years, the ALAS platform has found a secondary use as a UAV.
It was supposed to replace subsonic intermediate range missiles in the Soviet inventory.
It was the standard U.S. light field howitzer in World War II and saw action in both the European and Pacific theaters.
Average transport time was 10 hours road time for 125 miles.
Most CZ-marked firearms are connected with Česká zbrojovka Uherský Brod – a Czech firearms manufacturer since 1936.
By 1969 the project was well over budget and Germany withdrew from the effort.
The vehicle is named after the Anoa, which is a type of buffalo indigenous to Indonesia.
It has been referred to as "Ma Deuce", in reference to its M2 nomenclature.
The M41 was the first postwar American light tank to see worldwide service, and was exported in considerable numbers by the US, particularly to Asia.
Mines, unlike bombs, are placed in situ and then require some other stimulus from a target before they will detonate.
Constructed in secret, they were tested in the Soviet Union.
It was designed by OKB-9 in Sverdlovsk.
The Heckler & Koch HK 512 is a gas-operated semi-automatic shotgun, of Italian origin.
Specially designed to be mine-resistant, it has been produced in multiple variants, equipped for troop or cargo transport, command, and fire support.
It is a significantly further developed Wolf SSA, based on the Mercedes-Benz G-Class.
The AK-101 is designed for the world export market, using 5.56×45mm NATO cartridges, which is the standard of most NATO armies.
The AS50 is designed for the British Armed Forces and United States Navy SEALs, the rifle is employed due to its high rate of fire.
The buttstock comb was extended further forward on the wrist to strengthen the wrist's weak spot.
It is manufactured by National rifles division of the Indian Hume Pipe Co. Ltd of Ahmedabad, India.
It was a radical design for a fast-moving, lightly armored assault tank.
Testing was completed and in 1937, an order was placed for the tractors and they were manufactured in 1938.
It is armed with four 25 millimeter cannons and optionally four fire-and-forget QW-2 infrared homing missiles.
It is manufactured by Fabrique Nationale Manufacturing, Inc., a division of FN Herstal based in the United States.
As of early 2015, over 560 ATACMS missiles had been fired in combat.
It was designed with a 105 degree grip angle, the same as the Colt M1911 pistol, to maintain a consistent grip angle.
It uses the 7.62×51 mm NATO cartridge but depending on the barrel variant can also be chambered for several other cartridges.
The Soviet RGD-33 is an anti-personnel fragmentation stick grenade developed in 1933.
Standard designs were drawn up just before the beginning of the war.
Its appearance is similar to the US-made FIM-92 Stinger anti-aircraft missile.
The MAB PA-15 was designed by the Manufacture d'armes de Bayonne.
This required the missile to be greatly enlarged into the totally new design, Zeus B, mounting a 400 kiloton W50 warhead.
This crossbolt engages on either side of the barrel and provides a very strong lock up.
It was used by several countries initially as an infantry gun and later as a light anti-aircraft gun.
   is the ballistic limit
The 9A-91 is a carbine assault rifle currently in use with Russian police forces.
It was replaced in British service with the Mk 7 mine.
An experimental model was ready in 1957.
It is capable of launching 250 mm rockets from six launch tubes.
The Flieger MG 29 was a Swiss light machine gun developed in the 1920s and produced until shortly before the dawn of the Second World War.
This rifle is fed from a 4-round capacity, detachable box magazine located immediately forward of the trigger guard.
The Terne development project consisted of three phases:
In addition to the British-built Austins, a few dozens of vehicles were manufactured in Russia in 1918–20.
The rifle is based on the earlier AR-15 rifle.
Chambered in .38 S&W, its cylinder held 5 shots.
SDASS shotguns are manufactured in a variety of differing styles.
The Cobra was chambered in .38 Special, .32 Colt New Police, and .22 LR.
First issued to Australian troops in July 1963, it replaced the Owen machine carbine.
Fukuryu translated to "Crouching Dragon" and they were also called "suicide divers" or "kamikaze frogmen" in English texts.
It was regarded as one of the most effective anti-tank platforms used in WWII.
In September 1959 Major General Chris Vokes was elected to the Board of Directors of the new corporation.
The ZiS-2 was a Soviet 57-mm anti-tank gun used during World War II.
The M3 VTT was subsequently replaced in production by the Panhard VCR.
The weapon was able to fire in both full automatic and semi-automatic modes.
As the name suggests the mines were plate-shaped.
General performance was similar, although the T-10 could carry more ammunition.
The official designation of the vehicle was 105 mm leichte Feldhaubitze 18/1 L/28 auf Waffenträger Geschützwagen IVb and was to be built in Magdeburg, Germany.
The RIM-66/67 series thus became the US Navy's universal SAM system, hence the "Standard Missile" moniker.
The "R" stands for Raffica, which is Italian for "volley", "flurry", or "burst".
The Bâton à feu, or Baston à feu, is a type of hand cannon developed in the 14th century in Western Europe.
The regular Harpoon uses active radar homing, and a low-level, sea-skimming cruise trajectory to improve survivability and lethality.
The Flakpanzer IV "Wirbelwind" was a German self-propelled anti-aircraft gun based on the Panzer IV tank.
                  
It was produced in the thousands by Bowen-McLaughlin-York and were also converted from M4A3 Shermans by Bowen starting in 1954.
A member of the Paveway series of weapons, Paveway II entered into service c. 1976.
The Type 4 70 mm AT Rocket Launcher was a Japanese rocket launcher used during the last year of World War II.
The dagger was popular in Scandinavia, Flanders, Wales, Scotland and England between the 13th and 18th centuries, in particular the Tudor period.
Except for the barrel locking mechanism the Remington Model 241 is very similar to the Browning SA-22.
These improvements and other upgrades to in-service tanks have allowed this long-serving vehicle to remain in front-line service.
It was developed by the same team who designed the QSZ-92 pistol, which is now the main pistol used by PLA and PAP.
Textron Marine and Land Systems will use the platform for further development of component technologies.
Some models came with rifle sights and some came with ghost ring sights with a tritium "night sight" insert in the front sight.
They were used by French forces during World War II.
It was also known as the Hotchkiss Mark I, Hotchkiss Portative and M1909 Benét–Mercié.
Some other models have been adopted to a lesser extent, namely the M11 pistol, and other models remain in use in certain niches.
The Baker rifle was a flintlock rifle used by the Rifle regiments of the British Army during the Napoleonic Wars.
Current publications may use both terms interchangeably to identify the missile.
An example is a tank using a laser or radar to target enemy units for missiles.
In addition to light, manoeuvrable chassis, the tank was to feature a turret with one 20 mm nkm wz.
Traditionally, the hanbō was approximately three shaku or about 90 centimetres long, half the length of the usual staff, the rokushakubō.
MCEM-2 is blowback-operated, selective fired weapon which fires from an open bolt.
Kriens stands for the village in the canton of Lucerne Kriens.
It was based on a French pattern.
The 7.5 cm L/45 M/16 anti-aircraft gun was designed and manufactured in Norway in the early to mid-1920s.
At the time of development, it was touted as the most powerful non-nuclear weapon in the American arsenal.
Its development represented a total of 2.6 million man-hours worth of work, 9,600 of them in Germany, at a total cost of 2.4 billion euros.
This allowed the user to snag and reel in an adversary, which made the weapon very popular amongst constables in bygone days.
The TYPHONN-2A is a main battle tank, developed and manufactured jointly by the Peruvian company DICSAC and the Kharkiv Morozov Machine Building Design Bureau, Ukraine.
FFV engineers adopted the rugged but simple firing and safety mechanism of the Miniman for the AT4.
Adopted in 1998, the M16A4 is the fourth generation of the M16 series.
A newer missile is expected to replace it.
The missile was given the NATO reporting name SS-19 Stiletto and carries the industry designation 15A30.
All of these rifles are similar in performance.
In 2000 the rights were sold to Automotive Technik Ltd in the UK.
The first of these names comes from the Dharuk Aborigines of Port Jackson, Sydney.
The weapon can also be used against bunkers and pillboxes.
The Germans used them to destroy Allied vehicles, particularly Landing Craft Mechanized boats and Sherman DD tanks.
However, neither entered Chinese service en masse, and both programs were eventually cancelled after very limited numbers had been built for evaluation purposes.
Versions are designated M134 and XM196 by the United States Army, and GAU-2/A and GAU-17/A by the U.S. Air Force and U.S. Navy.
The 120 mm Gun M1 was the United States Army's standard super-heavy anti-aircraft gun, complementing the smaller and more mobile M2 90 mm gun in service.
It consists of a small, disposable pre-loaded launch tube firing a high-explosive anti-tank warhead, and was intended to be operated by a single soldier.
One alternative is a fuse with an altimeter, to cause an air burst at the desired altitude.
Breakage at the point of attachment of the buttstock to the receiver was the most common complaint.
The opposition pointed out that this amounted to $60,000 per specialist, which at that time was more than their weight in gold.
Couillard first appeared in the national media when she dated the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Maxime Bernier.
This weapon may also be known as the GR 19 and B 19 or by its nickname "Elefant".
The weapon can be man-packed by the mortar detachment, but this is an arduous task and is preferably avoided.
Some of these were captured by Nazi Germany and pressed into service as the 7.65 cm FK(i).
The M3 is notable for allowing the user the choice of semi-automatic or pump-action operation.
The ASU-85 is a Soviet-designed airborne self-propelled gun of the Cold War Era.
The Indian Ballistic Missile Defence Programme is an initiative to develop and deploy a multi-layered ballistic missile defence system to protect from ballistic missile attacks.
The M84 Mortar Carrier was a derivative of the M59.
The Turkish Army has the largest number of modernized M48 MBTs, with more than 1,400 in its inventory.
The BL 18-inch Mk I naval gun was a breech-loading naval gun used by the Royal Navy during World War I.
The Mark 11 torpedo was the first American torpedo to be designed totally within the United States Navy without collaboration from industry.
It is unusual in that it takes a detachable box magazine.
The Mortier de 12 pouces Gribeauval was a French mortar and part of the Gribeauval system developed by Jean Baptiste Vaquette de Gribeauval.
Developed jointly by the Singapore Armed Forces, Defence Science and Technology Agency and Singapore Technologies Kinetics, it was introduced to the Singapore Artillery in 2004.
It also has some capability in the anti aircraft role to bring down low flying helicopters, due to its wire guided system.
The Greek historian Polybius, in his Histories, mentions the use of such weapons at the Roman siege of Ambracia:
It armed the Bismarck-class battleships and was planned as the armament of the O-class battlecruisers and the re-armed Scharnhorst-class battleships.
This gun could traverse 7° to each side, elevate 10° and depress -15°.
The TACAM T-60 was a Romanian tank destroyer used during World War II.
The Calico M960 is a 9×19mm caliber semi-automatic carbine, manufactured by Calico Light Weapons Systems.
It was based on the chassis of the Peerless three ton lorry, with an armoured body built by the Austin Motor Company.
The M123 was used to tow tank transporter trailers while the M125 towed field artillery pieces.
It has a high rate of fire and can fire all types of 155 mm ammunition.
The LAPV Enok is a Light Armoured Patrol Vehicle of the Bundeswehr, mostly in use with the German Army.
The Turán was a Hungarian medium tank of World War II.
The Ansaldo armored car was a prototype built by Ansaldo in 1925, based on a Pavesi heavy tractor.
The idea is thought to clog the engine of a car and "absorb  the vehicle’s kinetic energy, bringing it to a stop".
The stronger variant E15TP is with 10×10 layout.
It was designed to be a cheaper and more versatile alternative to the SR-3 "Vikhr".
      
Both are machined from heat-treated forgings, and the Model No.
It resembles the Walther P99 but it is somewhat smaller.
Since 1990, the Leopard 1 has gradually been relegated to secondary roles in most armies.
The Royal Navy has fielded two versions, the GWS-25 Conventionally Launched Sea Wolf and the GWS-26 Vertically Launched Sea Wolf forms.
Although the name "Garand" is frequently pronounced , the preferred pronunciation is , according to experts and people who knew John Garand, the weapon's designer.
Auto-Ordnance also submitted two other models not based on the Thompson SMG for tests in the .30 Carbine competitions in May and June, 1941.
The GBU-57A/B Massive Ordnance Penetrator is a U.S. Air Force, precision-guided, 30,000-pound "bunker buster" bomb.
The latter variants participated in the 1918 Spring Offensives and the Second Battle of the Marne.
The Starr carbine was a breechloading single-shot rifle used by the United States Army.
The Hyeopdo was a polearm used in Korea.
The acoustics of the rifle were also improved by adding a sound suppressor.
Each prong was semi-circular in shape with a spring-loaded "door" on the front.
Based on earlier Marlin .22 caliber designs, the Garden Gun was equipped with a high-visibility front sight but no rear sight.
The Lince was a copy of the British Daimler Dingo and was primarily used for reconnaissance.
The AGS is designed to offer a weapon system capable of delivering precision munitions at a high rate of fire and at over-the-horizon ranges.
It has 4-wheel drive and can be switched to all-wheel drive.
There were four models of Teller Mine made during World War II:
OMC produced a short run of these pistols before the tooling was purchased by Arcadia Machine & Tool, who took over production.
The CZ 99 is primarily chambered in 9×19mm Parabellum with a 15-round magazine.
This designation was changed to Model 1905 in 1917, and then to M1905 in 1925, when the Army adopted the M designation nomenclature.
The Stonefish influence mine is manufactured by a British company.
The R-29RMU entered service in 2007 and is expected to remain in service until at least 2030.
The information was suppressed for decades, until exposed by a local Congressman, Gerald Solomon.
The prototype lacked sufficient ballistic protection, so the Salvadoran government sought assistance from the United States.
It is chambered in the 5.56×45mm NATO round and is compatible with STANAG Magazines.
Scabbards are generally made of wood covered with rawhide, and dyed red.
It is comparable to the American AIM-7 Sparrow, both in terms of overall performance as well as role.
Being relatively easy to make, the bichuwa has persisted into the 20th century as a decorative dagger.
It is based in transporter erector launchers towed into position.
This gives it sufficient range to strike targets as far away as Russia, India, and American bases in the Pacific.
Hermes is a family of modularly-designed guided missiles developed in Russia by the KBP Instrument Design Bureau.
It is a direct rival to the FN P90, also developed in response to NATO's requirement.
On 24 April 2006, establishment of a Joint Program Office to manage the JLTV effort was endorsed.
Four years later the Spanish government procured and locally manufactured the Leopard 2, fulfilling the long-term modernisation goal established in the Lince programme.
It was marginal off-road, especially in mud.
The original M40 was a military type-classified version of the Remington 700; it was factory-made, and had a one-piece wooden stock.
It had a more powerful main gun, engine and thicker armor.
The modified receiver used in the SW99 is supplied by Walther and is manufactured in Germany.
This carbine was used by Che Guevara during the Cuban Revolution.
The typical Chinese artillery regiment has 18 SPG organized as one battalion with three batteries.
Following the deployment of ICBMs, the Snark was rendered obsolete, and it was removed from deployment in 1961.
After the Germans occupied conquered Belgium in May 1940 they took over the surviving weapons as the 15.5 cm Kanone 432(b).
The name of the rifle is derived from Hanyang Arsenal, the main factory that produced this rifle.
By the end of 1942, it had been largely removed from front line service and it was used for training and on secondary fronts.
Because the driver's seat is in the turret, a special seat is used to keep the driver facing forward, independent of the turret facing.
The MAC 1934 is a machine gun of French origin.
A smaller variant called chakri was worn on the wrist.
For this, only the blast effect of the explosive is used.
The Kel-Tec RFB is a gas-operated bullpup type semi-automatic rifle, manufactured by Kel-Tec Industries of Florida.
During the Second World War, the other three guns were transferred to France and employed in coastal defense positions along the English Channel.
Pre-packaged munitions and simple operating mechanisms make the weapon quite versatile, permitting use by airborne, motorized, and ground troops alike.
The Type 10 is a 4th generation main battle tank of JSDF produced by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries for the Japanese Ground Self Defense Force.
Some are exported to SIG Sauer of Eckernförde, Germany.
In order to create a crisp and light trigger pull that is non-stacking, it features a friction reducing cam, a feature seldom found on double-action revolvers.
The CF UGS program includes a family of sensors from various companies: Qual-Tron Inc E-UGS, Silent Watch, Falcon Watch, Scorpion, OmniSense and OmniSense-Enhanced.
A deployable mine flail system has been fixed to the front of the vehicle, being used to clear both anti-tank and anti-personnel mines.
      
34, formally designated as Lehký Tank vzor 34 was a Czechoslovak-designed light tank used mainly by Slovakia during World War II.
CZ stands for Česká zbrojovka which means Czech Armory.
It was also originally chambered for the 9mm Winchester Magnum cartridge.
The kit also contains a tripod and sights for aiming the explosive device.
The firearm was designed primarily for police, security forces and armored vehicle crews.
It was given the reference number SAM-A-1, the first Surface-to-Air Missile in the 1947 tri-service designation system.
It was a manned turret, as distinct from remote-controlled turrets also in use.
The West Spring Gun was a bomb-throwing catapult used by British, Canadian and Australian forces during World War I.
The Model II incorporated minor improvements suggested by both the Austrians and German pioneer troops and was evaluated at the end of 1915.
The 7.7 cm Infanteriegeschütz L/20 was intended to rectify its shortcomings, but it remained in use for the remainder of the war.
The magazine is lighter, and more durable than older models, being made out of reinforced fiberglass.
The rifles were issued to conscripts and police forces in the Central Asian territories, like Samarkand.
                      
Two legs locked together for transport and the barrel was secured to them.
The Italians used lighter shells than the Czechs, which accounts for the greater range and muzzle velocity of their guns.
In March 1959, the tank was officially standardized as the 105 mm Gun Full Tracked Combat Tank M60.
They are available in 19 different calibers from the .300 Win Mag to the hugely powerful .600 Nitro Express.
The spiculum tended to have a much shorter iron point.
It was followed by the Belgian Montigny mitrailleuse in 1863.
It had the same carriage as the 7.7 cm FK 16.
During the Musket Wars, Māori warriors used Brown Besses, having purchased them from European traders at the time.
The 9M120 Ataka is an anti-tank guided missile originating from the Soviet Union.
It was engineered by Engesa in 1970 as a replacement for Brazil's ageing fleet of M8 Greyhounds.
It features a 24-inch barrel and a 5-round magazine.
There were also a number of locally designed mounts.
The Steam Tank was an early U.S. tank design of 1918 imitating the design of the British Mark IV tank but powered by steam.
The fuse was of the impact sort, detonating when the top of the grenade hit the ground.
It was the standard issue sidearm for officers in the French military during the First World War.
The Millennium gun is easy to install as it requires no through deck penetration and needs no supply of coolant, air or ship's power to operate.
Designed to be a cheap light tank as opposed to the expensive heavies coming into service at the time.
The Mossberg 702 is a competitor to the Marlin 795, the Ruger 10/22, the Remington 597, and the Mossberg Blaze.
Like the Owen, the F1 had a distinctive top mounted magazine.
Some of the earlier Gribeauval siege guns kept the baroque "dolphin" design for the handles.
The BTR-4 "Bucephalus" is a 8x8 wheeled armoured personnel carrier designed in Ukraine by the Kharkiv Morozov Machine Building Design Bureau as a private venture.
The PM-84 Glauberyt is a Polish submachine gun.
Still, both of these positions left the crew extremely vulnerable.
However, once heavier Russian armour, such as the IS-2, started to appear the design requirements were altered to include an anti-armour role.
The Überlandwagen was a tracked supply carrier built on the chassis of the German A7V Sturmpanzerwagen tank.
The curved hook was used to keep the weapon in the victim, and if pulled out, caused further damage.
It competed with the contemporary German Walther PPK and PP and Sauer 38H for police and military use.
It was followed by the simplified Tellermine 43.
The AAC Honey Badger PDW is an integrally suppressed personal defense weapon based on the AR-15.
The gun had a small shield and wooden-spoked wheels, although some were fitted with pneumatic wheels.
It was the standard machine-gun of the Italian Army in the First World War, and was used in limited numbers into the Second World War.
The projectile is placed between the coils, which have a pulse of electricity passed through them.
Swingfire was a British wire-guided anti-tank missile developed in the 1960s and produced from 1966 until 1993.
It was designed by Vickers, and produced by Vickers, Miesse and Familleheureux and outfitted with FRC Herstal weaponry.
It describes the area between the "first catch" and the "last graze" of a bullet's trajectory.
The Springfield Armory Enhanced Micro Pistol is a handgun based on the classic M1911 design.
The Pinzgauer is a family of high-mobility all-terrain 4WD and 6WD military utility vehicles.
The M2 High-Speed Tractor was an aircraft tug used by the United States Army Air Forces from 1942.
Serial number 3 of these rare pieces is now exposed at Red Cliffs, Victoria.
Geoffrey of Monmouth's Historia Regum Britanniae excludes it, though it mentions the sword Caliburn and lance Ron.
It is found in Angola, Egypt, Jordan, Libya, Mozambique, Sudan, and Zimbabwe.
The SVT-40 saw widespread service during and after World War II.
The Schwerer Wehrmachtschlepper, or sWS, was a German World War II half-track vehicle used in various roles between 1943 and 1945.
The Folgore is an Italian 80 mm recoilless anti-tank weapon developed and manufactured by Breda Meccanica Bresciana.
It was used for both hunting and military purposes.
The turbojet-powered missile would cruise at Mach 2.5 to 3.0 at 20 km altitude over its 3000 km range.
Mossberg model 464 is a lever action repeating rifle manufactured since 2008 by the Mossberg firearms company.
It is no longer being produced in Russia; the manufacturing license for the NSV ended up in Kazakhstan after the break-up of the Soviet Union.
Reliability was significantly improved in the Mod2 variant as a result of the Consolidation Programme which addressed the complete weapon system i.e.
It was subsequently adopted by the U.S. Air Force to serve in an anti-emplacement/anti-armor role in Air Base Defense duties.
The EX 41 grenade launcher, also called the Shoulder-Fired Weapon, was a prototype multi-shot grenade launcher that was never adopted by the United States military.
OSA was developed in the 1990s by engineer-constructor and weapon designer G.A.
My Story is a tell-all memoir by Canadian Julie Couillard.
The SIG Sauer P230 is a small, semi-automatic handgun chambered in .32 ACP or .380 Auto.
The M4 is a 5.56×45mm NATO, air-cooled, direct impingement gas-operated, magazine-fed carbine.
There was cargo space available underneath the carriage of the armored vehicle.
The family was originally developed by Steyr-Daimler-Puch Spezialfahrzeug and Santa Bárbara Sistemas in the early 1990s.
The UMP is a submachine gun developed and manufactured by Heckler & Koch.
According to Jane's, the weapon was supposedly manufactured and adopted in 2003 and had the designation DS9A.
Ridill is weapon that appears in Norse Mythology, possessed by the dwarf Regin.
Due to its shape, it is nicknamed the limonka.
By 2005, total of 3,012 L11 guns were produced.
This is a higher percentage than in the more recent American Mark 80 series bombs thus perhaps the designation as a demolition bomb.
Charioteers saw action in conflicts in the Middle-East.
Aside from this, the system consists of an ammunition resupply vehicle, a support vehicle, BONUS and the M982 Excalibur guided projectile.
In 2001 Japan reported to the United Nations Office for Disarmament Affairs that 20 Type 74s were in service.
It weighed an extra 20 kilograms, but had a maximum range of 1,080 metres.
The SS1 is manufactured by PT Pindad, Bandung, Indonesia under the license from Fabrique Nationale, Belgium.
It had better armor than the T-26 and the BT series.
The M4 Sherman, officially Medium Tank, M4, was the most widely used medium tank by the United States and Western Allies in World War II.
It was the first high-powered bolt-action sporting rifle produced by Remington.
Southern Tang forces attempted to use flamethrowers against the Song navy, but were accidentally consumed by their own fire when violent winds swept in their direction.
The large, ribbed base plate has only one socket for the spherical projection on the barrel.
The 1201 was manufactured in two versions, 1201F, intended for hunting and sporting, and the 1201FP, intended for law enforcement duties.
It consists of equilibrator assemblies, elevating and traversing mechanisms, two single-wheel, single-axle heavy limber, and a two-axle bogie with eight tires and two trails.
Its GRAU designation is 9K52, and its NATO reporting name is FROG-7.
Jointly funded and produced by Israel and the United States, development of the system began in 1986 and has continued since, drawing some contested criticism.
The L-185 wasn't used by the Swedish Army.
It featured a plywood airframe with twin booms and fins with a single elevator.
Additionally, if swung too hard, the weapon often became embedded in the victim or their armour, making retrieval difficult.
The Cardom "Hatchet", is an Israeli 81mm/120mm Recoil Mortar System, manufactured by Soltam Systems.
It was first displayed outside of Korea in the United Arab Emirates at the IDEX 2003 convention.
It is manufactured with a composite receiver, aluminum housing, and all-steel internal components.
The Marine Corps replaced the DMR with the M39 Enhanced Marksman Rifle on a one-for-one basis.
The SMK was an armored vehicle prototype developed by the Soviet Union prior to the Second World War.
If the Type 10 were fired in this manner, it would result in serious injury due to recoil.
It entered service in March 1943 and continued in service with the US Navy until 1948.
It can carry up to 17 people, although the trailer unit can be adapted for different applications.
Although adequate in some areas, it lacked armament compared to contemporary vehicles and the project was cancelled after only one was built.
Ordnance, QF 3.7-inch howitzer is a mountain gun, used by British and Commonwealth armies in World War I and World War II, and between the wars.
It was part of the siege artillery.
The Model 1940 Light Rifle was a military semi-automatic carbine designed for Great Britain in preparation for World War II.
Wyman traveled the world on the yacht including Tahiti, Bora Bora, and Hawaii.
The Hitfist Plus turret could theoretically also fit cannons and guns of up to 60mm calibre.
No surplus weapons of this type appear to have been used as coast-defense guns.
In 1931 the Renault company was given the contract for production of its Renault UE, combined with the Renault UK trailer.
In December 1948, a gift of five "ČZ 247" automatic variants of the pistol was sent to Ethiopian emperor Haile Selassie.
When FV438s entered service in the 1970s, they were operated by specialised anti-tank units of the British Infantry and Royal Armoured Corps.
The Bulldog is a 5-shot traditional double-action revolver designed by Doug McClenahan and produced by Charter Arms.
This was first unlocked by a trigger-like mechanism in a cutout through the grip, behind the firing trigger.
It was frequently paired with a model JM twin machine gun.
The most obvious difference is that the Pocket Police had a fluted 5-shot cylinder, while most Army Models were unfluted, and held six shots.
Production was continued in 1945–46 during the French occupation and, later, from 1968 to 1977 by Mauser.
The SVU also comes with an adjustable bipod.
St. George worked for Barrett at around this time but was not involved in design or engineering duties.
It was utilized by the Dutch, Greek and Hungarian armies during World War II.
The internals of the weapons were made of steel and the externals bakelite.
However, as the French infantry declined in quality after 1809, the 4-pounders were reintroduced in order to provide direct support for formations of foot soldiers.
The M47 Patton was a development of the M46 Patton tank mounting an updated turret, and was in turn further developed as the M48 Patton.
Jupiter retained the short, squat shape intended to fit in naval submarines.
The technology in development for this missile was incorporated into the RIM-67 Standard missile.
There have been fewer than 10 test flights that were failures, the most recent being from HMS Vengeance off the coast of Florida in June 2016.
The ballistic limit or limit velocity is the velocity required for a particular projectile to reliably penetrate a particular piece of material.
The weapon was first tested on 28 August 1972, and entered service in October of that year.
Although the original fully automatic Thompsons are no longer produced, numerous semi-automatic civilian versions are still being manufactured by Auto Ordnance.
A unique safety bar will usually be found on the right of the frame, below the cylinder.
It was deployed on capital ships from 1915 until 1959, and was a key Royal Navy gun in both World Wars.
It would have used the physics package of the TX-21 bomb.
The MK II was the suggested blade in Paladin Press's controversial how-to book, Hit Man: A Technical Manual for Independent Contractors.
It was largely known as an "APC" or an "ACAV" by the allied forces.
The Novator K-100 is a Russian air-to-air missile designed as an "AWACS killer" at ranges up to 400 km.
The de Havilland Firestreak is a British first-generation, passive infrared homing air-to-air missile.
The ESP 85 is 255 mm long with a 153 mm barrel, and features single-action operation.
      
2) 3) 4) Similar vehicles were the K-30 and K-62 or K-62-A, all three operating trucks for the SCR-270.
The Falaq-2 is a 333 mm-diameter rocket.
The Ground Combat Vehicle was the United States Army's replacement program for armored fighting vehicles in Armored and Stryker brigade combat teams.
An earlier model in .32 Colt known as the "Rainmaker" was offered in 1877.
The Luchs was replaced by the Fennek in Bundeswehr service.
The M3 tripod has a total weight of 20 kilograms.
The BRDM-2 is an amphibious armoured patrol car used by Russia and the former Soviet Union.
The gun's cupola is claimed to have a low radar cross section.
The XGI's function and aesthetics are influenced by the Ruger Mini-14, only sized up to the larger, more powerful .308 and .243 calibers.
They were replaced by the shorter-range AIM-120 AMRAAM, employed on the F/A-18 Hornet and F/A-18E/F Super Hornet.
The M30 Luftwaffe drilling was a survival weapon issued to Luftwaffe pilots during World War II.
The ELC project was a prototype light tank project launched by the French Ministry of Defense in 1955.
It detonated on impact, and dispersed 250 high-velocity steel pellets.
It had a firing platform that gave it 360° traverse.
The High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle, commonly known as the Humvee, is a four-wheel drive military light truck produced by AM General.
The Schwarzlose Model 1908 was a semi-automatic pistol, designed by Andreas Schwarzlose, released in 1908 in German Empire and produced until 1911.
Many F-22s were captured by Wehrmacht, modernized by the Germans and used against Soviet forces.
The weapon was a gas-operated, belt-fed, air-cooled machine gun that served both the infantry support and vehicle weapons roles.
The Schwarzlose design was advanced for its time, but not widely adopted with less than 1000 pieces being manufactured.
More advanced missiles such as C-802 and C-803, as well as land strike and anti-radiation versions were also subsequently developed.
A large number of tanks were also built by India under licence as the Vijayanta.
The Main Battle Tank and Light Anti-tank Weapon, also known as the NLAW, is a joint British and Swedish short-range fire-and-forget anti-tank missile system.
Boot knives generally come with a sheath that includes some form of a clip.
It arose with the popularity of Cowboy Action Shooting from which came demand for a single-action revolver that was more traditional in appearance.
The interceptor casing is made of combustible materials so no fragmentation is formed in the explosion, helping minimize collateral damage.
This potential for immediate launch gave the missile its name; like the Revolutionary War's Minutemen, the Minuteman was designed to be launched on a moment's notice.
It was designed by MKB Raduga, a division of aircraft maker Mikoyan-Gurevich.
Following the successful test firing, on 7 March 2010, Iran's defence minister announced a mass-production line of Nasr-1 missiles.
This includes the use of the Program Evaluation and Review Technique.
It is based on the Mamba APC of TFM Industries.
Shortly after its introduction to service, the M1867 was replaced by the Berdan rifle, though both weapons would serve simultaneously for a time.
The Browning Superposed was one of the first over and under shotgun designs to be produced.
38 was an anti-tank gun produced by the Škoda Works that saw service in World War II.
A derivative product called the Modular Gas Piston Carbine was being offered to the US Army for its Aborted Improved M4A1 Program .
The weapon uses a removable muzzle brake, which at one time allowed the shooter to choose between several types of brakes.
These grenades were in service from the late 1960s to at least 2008.
The Palm Pistol is a pocket pistol invented by Matthew Carmel and manufactured by his company Constitution Arms in Maplewood, New Jersey.
The Air Force plans to keep the missile in service until at least 2030.
The warhead technology developed for the M31 was used for the future M72 LAW antitank rocket.
Until more effective guns were developed by the Germans, the KV-1 was invulnerable to almost any German weapon except the 8.8 cm Flak gun.
The Astra 680 is a short-barreled revolver previously manufactured by Astra of Spain.
The exact classification of the missile is unknown, with varying types reported.
Altogether, we think it the handsomest specimen of small arms, rifle or musket, we have ever seen-reflecting the greatest credit upon all concerned with its manufacture."
Only two prototypes were built before the project was terminated.
The MAS-36 bolt action was however extensively modified and strengthened to reduce accuracy-inhibiting flex.
After Turkey's entrance into World War I in 1914 on the side of the Central Powers, it realized that it needed to modernize its artillery.
10 was a German half-track that saw widespread use in World War II.
It was commonly referred to as the Mini-Frag.
Available in a black polymer frame with a black tenifer coated slide or a black polymer frame with a stainless finish slide.
This parang is used two-handedly, with one hand holding the hilt and the other holding the blade's shoulder, enabling its user to strike downwards.
Jens Theodor Suhr Schouboe patented his original semi-automatic pistol in 1903.
The M9 Half-track was a half-track produced by International Harvester in the United States in World War II for lend-lease supply to Allies.
The Caracal pistol series are the first pistols made in the United Arab Emirates.
Among various descriptions of equipment and components of the device, the book also provided instructions for how to keep up maintenance and repair of double-piston flamethrowers.
It was also used by the Germanic warriors of the south as a pike.
The VK 45.01 was the official designation for an unsuccessful heavy tank prototype produced by Porsche in Germany in 1942.
Bronze examples of the Assyrian design are kept in the British Museum.
The Tokarev Sportowy semi-automatic pistol is a Tokarev TT-33 training firearm produced in Poland and used within the former Warsaw Pact countries.
The Romanians used them until 1942, although by this time they had become obsolete.
The M234 is no longer used by United States forces.
The last batch of BA-27 was mounted on Ford Model AA truck chassis.
The new rifle differs only slightly from the original AL-7.
The Bulldog has been available for the .44 Special and .357 Magnum cartridges.
It featured a gas-operated operation that moved the barrel forward rather than the bolt to the rear.
In appearance, the Burraq is quite similar to the Wildcat MRAP, developed by the Israel Military Industries.
One hundred seven were in German service in August 1943, declining to twenty by October 1944.
The NR-23 is a single-barrel, short recoil-operated 23 mm cannon.
The first coat of arms of East Timor depicts crossed suriks.
It may have seen action in the siege of Sevastopol.
For the same reason, in US service they were designated T10 Shop Tractor.
Unlike the FAL, it was a market failure, although its development led to the reasonably successful FN FNC.
Most are equipped with a muzzle brake and telescopic sight.
As of 2012, new Winchester Model 70 rifles were being made by FN Herstal in Columbia, South Carolina.
It superseded the Type 41 75 mm Mountain Gun to become the standard pack artillery piece of Japanese infantry divisions.
It was the first American torpedo to be originally designed for launching from aircraft only.
      
The devices, magazines, ammunition and rifles were subsequently placed in storage, and declared surplus in 1931.
The Norinco Type 77 is a Chinese amphibious armoured personnel carrier.
Czechoslovak Zbrojovka Brno and then Zbrojovka Vsetín produced the gun in large quantities until the 1950s.
In 1983, Indonesia placed an order for 28 Scout vehicles, as well as 22 Ranger armoured personnel carriers.
When the user pulled a pin on the handle of the grenade, the casing would fall away and expose the sticky sphere.
Detonated on March 1, 1954, the device was the most powerful nuclear device detonated by the United States and its first lithium-deuteride-fueled thermonuclear weapon.
Although smaller in size, it is derived from the .45 semi-automatic pistol Savage submitted to the 1906-1911 US Army trials to choose a new semi-automatic sidearm.
By the end of 1918, 47,000 Hotchkiss machine guns had already been delivered to the French army alone.
Retracting the slide is difficult due to the heavy spring required in this blow-back action.
The chigiriki is said to be used by the Kiraku ryu and the Araki ryu schools.
Each handle is approximately eight inches long.
Starstreak is a British short range man-portable air-defence system manufactured by Thales Air Defence, in Belfast.
The adoption of the Minié ball essentially nullified these disadvantages and allowed the rifle to completely replace the musket.
It entered service in 1938 and was used until the end of World War II.
The Coyote is initially boosted by a Hercules MK-70 booster, of similar design to those used by the now obsolete RIM-67 Standard ER missiles.
The mine does not float and is waterproof, enabling it to be used in shallow water.
The Agni missile is a family of medium to intercontinental range ballistic missiles developed by India, named after one of the five elements of nature.
The Takbir bomb is a smart bomb developed by Pakistan.
The DUKW is a six-wheel-drive amphibious modification of the 2½ ton CCKW trucks used by the U.S. military in World War II.
The current Izhmash-made version, the GP-34, has an again redesigned sighting system on the right and features the following advantages:
The BL 8 inch guns Mark I to Mark VII were the first generations of British rifled breechloaders of medium-heavy calibre.
The Barrett Optical Ranging System is an integrated ballistics computer manufactured by Barrett Firearms that aides snipers and long-range marksmen in taking precise and accurate shots.
Its size and power also made it a useful light anti-armour weapon on the BTR series of vehicles and the BRDM-2 scout car.
It was initially projected to weigh 20 tonnes but grew to 24 tonnes.
The Model 1840 flintlock musket was produced at Springfield Armory.
The car saw limited action during the Battle of France.
The barrel can now be removed from the slide.
It is based on the Mosin–Nagant rifle, using the same receivers.
An unusual feature is the standard rotary 5-round magazine.
Firing a 20 mm calibre projectile, it delivered a useful load of explosive from a relatively light weapon.
Moving targets can be attacked at a range of 150 metres while stationary targets may be engaged out to 250 metres.
The sole exemplar built was not used in combat, not having been sufficiently perfected.
The VSK-94 is a sniper rifle based on the 9A-91.
      
The yacht was used extensively with scenes shot from the exterior and in the wheel house, cabins, engine room, upper and lower decks.
They also equipped a small number of Australian and Canadian batteries in World War I and by the US Army in that war.
The range was estimated to be 150 km.
In 1960 CESPRE devised and built a solid-fuel rocket for meteorological purposes, the C-41, on a 14 million liras budget.
In its larger calibers it is marketed as a hunter's sidearm because it is a potent weapon with plenty of stopping power.
IWI introduced the NEGEV NG-7 7.62×51mm NATO light machine gun to become the new standard issue machine gun for the Israeli Defense Forces in 2012.
240 Möbelwagens were built, and the first production models were put into service on the Western Front in April 1944.
The Arsenal P-M02 is a semi-automatic pistol manufactured by Bulgarian Arsenal since 1999.
Inexpensive, but of good quality, the pistol achieved considerable success at contemporary shooting competitions and, as an export product, was popular throughout the Americas.
The Winchester Model 1910 is a blowback operated semi-automatic rifle produced by the Winchester Repeating Arms Company beginning in 1910 with production ending in 1936.
Modern cruise missiles are capable of travelling at supersonic or high subsonic speeds, are self-navigating, and are able to fly on a non-ballistic, extremely low-altitude trajectory.
The U.S. Marine Raider stiletto was a stiletto and combat knife issued to the Marine Raiders and 1st Canadian Parachute Battalion during World War II.
Iveco Fiat was tasked with developing the hull and propulsion systems while Oto Melara was responsible for developing the turrets and weapon systems.
It was introduced in 1948 and used in the Centurion main battle tank, Charioteer medium tank, and Caernarvon Mark II heavy tank.
The OF-40 is an Italian main battle tank developed as a joint venture between OTO Melara and Fiat, and intended primarily for export sales.
It was originally designed to fire tear gas aerosol, rubber baton, and rubber buckshot for self-protection or less-than-lethal crowd control.
It operated from late 1942 to January 1945 in the Mediterranean, European, and Pacific theaters of World War II.
While mounted on Kaviran, it can be unpacked in 30 seconds and used immediately.
The creation and development of the Nakpadon started during fighting in Lebanon.
This guns had a quick-change barrel and used a drum magazine.
The Komodo is a 4x4 light armoured personnel carrier developed and produced by Pindad.
Fukuryu were a part of the Imperial Japanese Navy "Tokkotai" Special Service Corps prepared to resist the invasion of the Home islands by Allied forces.
It is found on the aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov, Kirov class battlecruisers, Neustrashimy class frigates, China's Sovremenny class destroyers, and other modern designs.
The gun is designed by Aleksandr Bandayevsky, chief designer and president of JSC Uralmashproekt.
Only two prototypes were produced by June 1918, and were followed by orders for 580 tanks, which were never completed.
The M80 is based on the AK-74 assault rifle.
The shape of the turret earned it the nickname Keksdose.
Originally designed by Hughes Aircraft in the 1960s, the weapon is currently produced by Raytheon.
The Mark V SOC is a marine security/patrol/transport boat manufactured by VT Halter Marine Inc.
Should not be confused with the British Lee–Enfield
It is designed to effectively defeat other IFVs as heavily armed and armored as the BMP-3.
It is a budget version of the S&W Model 27.
The Assault Tank T14 was a joint project between the United States and the United Kingdom with the goal being to produce an universal infantry tank.
Between 1940 and 1943, approximately 2.5 million were produced.
The sword was also used by cavalry soldiers for its thrusting ability and was found more effective when two soldiers fought together as pairs.
Compact variants are popular civilian concealed carry weapons in the U.S. because of the design's relatively slim width and stopping power of the .45 ACP cartridge.
The barrel is weighted and ported, and felt recoil is virtually none.
It would also arrive too late, with Germany's position in a steep decline, having lost the initiative.
The RT-15 was an early Soviet attempt to develop a road-mobile theatre ballistic missile.
In 1997 Taurus added the integral keylock that is engaged using a special key.
This allowed the pistol to be carried in, and withdrawn from a pocket quickly and smoothly without snagging.
They were a common weapon aboard ships and in land fortifications for several centuries but became obsolete after the invention of gun turrets.
A replica is now on display as a monument in a park next to the castle in Zvolen.
That same year SISPRE was incorporated, together with the Italian BPD, in the Società Generale Missilistica.
In addition, the OA-96 has a button in the rear which opens the upper receiver and can then be loaded via stripper clips.
The overall design of the mortar is similar to that of 120 mm HM 16.
The BM-27 Uragan is a self-propelled multiple rocket launcher system designed in the Soviet Union.
Samochód Pancerny wzór 29, commonly known as Ursus or CWS, was a Polish interwar heavy armored car.
In the ranks of the JSDF, the Type 91 is colloquially known as Hand Arrow.
          
It was designed and manufactured by Hägglund and Söner in Örnsköldsvik.
9 is a submachine gun designed by Floro International Corporation of the Philippines.
Derived from the CZ-36 following World War II, the CZ-45 is currently manufactured by Česká zbrojovka Uherský Brod as the CZ-92.
The Remington 788 is a bolt-action, centerfire rifle that was made by Remington Arms from 1967 to 1983.
It is also known for its rugged construction, considerable weight and precision adjustable, match-grade, adjustable trigger.
Separated cases resulting in jamming of the weapon beyond field clearing, were usually the consequence of poor primary extraction.
VHF radios have been the German SEM 25 / SEM 35 FM short range radios from LORENZ.
The gun were constructed using carriages of Krupp 13 cm Kanone 09 modified for motor traction in 1917.
The system is designed to arm small displacement ships and comprises the Gun Mount with a MR-123-02/76 Fire Control Radar System.
The PU-21 can be fed by 45 round magazines a 200-round ammunition belt.
The bottom of the mine has small base plug inside which a small stud is installed.
It broke down into two loads for transport.
The EM-2 would replace the Lee–Enfield rifle and 9 mm submachine guns.
The SC 250 was one of the most commonly used bombs in World War II and was deployed extensively during the Blitz on London.
The mine was roughly the size of a tin of shoe polish, made of plastic and coloured olive green.
The stick can be as long as the wielder's forearm or longer, while the length of the chain could also be of various lengths.
The 12 cm Luftminenwerfer M 16 was a medium mortar used by Austria-Hungary in World War I.
It replaced an assortment of Minié muzzleloading rifles many of which were converted in 1867 to breech loading.
The NKL-26 was an armoured aerosan introduced by the Soviet Union during the Second World War, based on the earlier NKL-6.
Thus, the spiculum was significantly shorter than its ancestor, perhaps 190 cm long.
It can fire a 38 kg HE bomb out to a maximum range of 9,600 m and requires a crew of 6-8 to operate.
The Mittlerer Panzer 1958 or Panzer 58 was a medium tank of Swiss design.
The weapon can serve as a light and medium machine gun, and can also be used as a co-axial mounted weapon.
Sister ships include Jacques Cousteau's RV Calypso.
The Hwasong-6 is a North Korean tactical ballistic missile.
A good cable-backed bow can thus be made of poor-quality wood, weak in tension.
Remington ceased importing the shotgun in 2009.
The 158 weapons captured after the German invasion of Czechoslovakia in March 1939 were taken into Wehrmacht service as the 10 cm leFH 30(t).
The Daewoo Precision Industries K4 is a 40x53mm high-speed Automatic Grenade Launcher in use with the Republic of Korea Armed Forces.
The M1870 Gasser was a revolver chambered for 11.3×36mmR and was adopted by the Austro-Hungarian Cavalry in 1870.
It is named after the Borz because of its position as Chechnya's national animal.
"Vz" is an abbreviation for "vzor", which translates to "model."
The SLAM "Pampero" is an Argentinian multiple rocket launcher from Cold War and modern eras.
The Shorts Blowpipe is a man-portable surface-to-air missile that was in use with the British Army and Royal Marines from 1975.
The RPG-7 is a portable, reusable, unguided, shoulder-launched, anti-tank rocket-propelled grenade launcher.
The Alchemy Arms Spectre is a semi-automatic pistol chambered in .45 ACP.
The Krupp 7.5 cm Model 1903 was a field gun used by a number of European armies in both World War I and World War II.
The Filipinka was an offensive impact grenade, cylindrical in shape.
The RPO-A Shmel, Rocket-propelled Infantry Flamethrower-A Bumblebee) is a man-portable rocket launcher, although it is classified as a flamethrower by its manufacturer KBP.
These 3-inch guns were placed to provide fire to protect underwater mines and nets against minesweepers, and also to protect against motor torpedo boats.
C7P was a Polish tracked artillery tractor, used by the Polish Army before and during World War II.
Over its long production run it has been available with barrel lengths of 2 in, 3 in, 4 in, 5 in, and 6 in.
A more powerful cartridge was produced for this version, but production ceased and they turned to the regular ammunition when the stocks were depleted.
The PGM 338 was designed by Chris L. Movigliatti of the Swiss AMSD company and is produced by PGM Précision of France.
A follow on order for another hundred was canceled in February 1916.
The tank was used in France in 1940 and in the early part of the war in North Africa, before being withdrawn from service.
The Type 96 designation was given to this gun as it was accepted in the year 2596 of the Japanese calendar.
It was therefore succeeded by an improved type, the AMR 35.
After being taken out of service, many were converted into cheap shotguns.
Fallout from the detonation fell on residents of Rongelap and Utirik atolls and spread around the world.
The BS-3 was also sold to a number of other countries and in some of these countries the gun is still in service.
The N-37 was a sizable weapon firing a massive shell.
The split trail had large spades that had to be pounded into the ground to anchor the weapon in place.
Its flight system is based on gliding, by using the bomb's inertia.
The Model 1903 was also bought by Denmark and the Netherlands and used in World War II.
In Hungarian service, the AK-63 F and D are designated as the AMM and AMMS, respectively.
It was based on the American .50-caliber M1921 aircraft Browning machine gun.
The 2A65 howitzer, like many pieces of modern artillery, is capable of firing nuclear artillery shells.
This stance has since been reversed, and firearms which shoot multiple projectiles at the same time are no longer considered machine guns.
Developers took into consideration combat experience from original VBCI in Mali and feed back from tests.
It is believed that prototypes of MCEM-2 were made before the end of WW2, and its derivatives MCEM-4 and MCEM-6 were tested soon after the war.
The BM-14 can fire 140mm M-14 rockets with a high-explosive fragmentation warhead, a smoke warhead or a chemical warhead.
The TEL is based on a GM-578 chassis, while the 1S91 radar vehicle is based on a GM-568 chassis, all developed and produced by MMZ.
The Type 60 122mm towed gun is the Soviet D-74 122mm gun produced by the Chinese under licence.
After a large amount of the more serviceable SVTs were captured, the AVS-36s were largely withdrawn from service.
The 6-ton 6×6 truck was a family of heavy tactical trucks built for the United States Army during World War II.
Due to their dash speed and off-road mobility, the DPVs were used extensively during Operation Desert Storm.
It has factory porting for release of gases, so reducing recoil.
The stock is made from a brown laminate and has a basic rubber recoil pad.
The guns were not "infallible" and the company soon went out of business.
Guidance is by the mono-pulse AD26 CW Doppler semi-active seeker, which has improved ECCM capability, and improved capability against low-flying targets.
The SIG Sauer SSG 2000 is a bolt-action, magazine-fed rifle.
Commander of Military Forces in Vietnam at the time, the M551 was rushed into combat service in Vietnam in January 1969.
                      [
On 10 August 2016, Russia successfully tested the RS-28's first-stage engine named PDU-99 "ПДУ-99".
It was first made by MAC then by MAS
It resembles the French portable anti-tank launcher 89 mm LRAC F1.
The guns were also used by German, Romanian, and Argentine armies of the period.
In September 2004 the ban expired, but Franchi had ended production of the SPAS-12 in 2000 to focus on the manufacturing of the SPAS-15 model.
Both are bolt-action, rotating bolt rifles, with dual-lug bolts and integral, non-detachable magazines, and both are available in left-handed models.
When the Arrow project was later canceled, work on the Sparrow II also ceased.
The design is a variation of the Heckler & Koch G3 rifle.
The FN Barracuda is a double-action multi-caliber revolver designed by FN Herstal.
The gunlayer’s seat was mounted behind the gun and rotated with the mount in traverse.
The stored for shifts on the vehicle rear tiller is lowered for the milling hydraulically to the rear.
61 Škorpion submachine gun and 7.62 mm vz.
Emilio Ghisoni is listed as the owner of U.S. Patent 4,712,466 which details the operation of the weapon.
The revolver was popular with ranchers, lawmen, and outlaws alike, but as of the early 21st century, models are mostly bought by collectors and re-enactors.
Its Anti-tank weapon was a Boys anti-tank rifle.
It was accepted into service in August 1980.
The Type 94 number was designated for the year the gun was accepted, 2594 in the Japanese imperial year calendar, or 1934 in the Gregorian calendar.
As of 2001, all ARWEN trademarks and patents are owned by Police Ordnance Company Inc.
The first all-weather precision-guided bunker buster, it became operational in 1997.
The Lercker was a selective-fire machine pistol developed in Bologna, Italy after the Second World War.
Baligant felt inferior, and so named his sword with a similar name.
It was a licensed copy of a 1905 Krupp design.
1991 opened a factory in Dalian manufacturing inexpensive replicas of Edo period Japanese swords.
The missile was the result of upgrading the Soviet made Scud in order to achieve a longer range.
It was designed to run on either tracks or wheels.
They were fused to detonate on contact or after a fixed time period, damaging nearby aircraft.
The gun used a modernized barrel from the 76 mm regimental gun M1927 and the carriage from the 45 mm anti-tank gun M1942.
Due to a translation error, the Type 10 was called the "knee mortar" by the Americans.
The gun was revolutionary at its time for its use of coil springs as opposed to flat springs.
The Mark 17 was discontinued about 1950.
When a threat is imminent, an explosive projectile interceptor is launched towards it.
This contains a large vertical map board and desk along one side, with a bench seat for three people facing it.
The United States, France and India have expressed interest in buying Brimstone for their aircraft, but Saudi Arabia is the only export customer as of 2015.
The first full-range test was reportedly conducted on October 11, 2008; the reported range was 11,547 kilometers.
The YJ-62 is a Chinese subsonic anti-ship cruise missile.
Its use is documented by the Codex Mendoza and the Codex Fejérváry-Mayer.
The Nasu is a tracked articulated, all-terrain transport vehicle developed by Sisu Auto for the Finnish Army.
It is designed and manufactured by the German company Armatix.
The 12 cm Minenwerfer M 15 was a medium mortar used by Austria-Hungary in World War I.
The Kimber Eclipse is a model 1911 semi-automatic pistol chambered for the .45 ACP and 10mm Auto cartridges.
The company also manufactures motorcycles through its Victory Motorcycles subsidiary and through the Indian Motorcycle subsidiary which it purchased in April 2011.
The M55 is an American fully enclosed and armored self-propelled artillery based on the M53 155 mm self-propelled artillery.
Smoke charge launchers are mounted in front section of tracks covering plates.
In these areas, bombing ranges are scoured for salvageable metals.
The 3.7 cm SK C/30 was the German Kriegsmarine's primary 3.7 cm anti-aircraft gun during the Second World War.
An Akrafena is an Ashanti sword, originally meant for warfare but also forming part of Ashanti heraldry.
It is currently being replaced by M/11.
Unlike guns intended only for plinking, several features of competition guns such as the IZH-46M mark it as designed for high-precision shooting.
The name RASCAL was the acronym for RAdar SCAnning Link, the missile's guidance system.
The Mark 81 250 lb general purpose bomb is the smallest of the Mark 80 series of low-drag general-purpose bombs.
75 units were installed in the Maginot Line.
The early device would consist of a large metal tube, preferably copper due to its high thermal conductivity, which would be placed in a furnace.
The OTR-21 forward deployment to East Germany began in 1981, replacing the earlier FROG series of unguided artillery rockets.
The grips are thin, slightly decreasing the width of the pistol.
The AL391 is chambered in either 12 gauge or 20 gauge.
The Lahti-Saloranta M/26 is a light machine gun which was designed by Aimo Lahti and Arvo Saloranta in 1926.
The Kh-58 is a Soviet anti-radiation missile with a range of 120 km.
Then the pull-cord would be attached to the door.
It was superseded in the Military Police Corps by the derivative M1117 Armored Security Vehicle during the 1990s.
The manufacturer is the Aerospace Industries Organization of Iran, which has produced the missile since 2000.
A number of changes were made to the Mk VIII, most notably increasing its width, length and weight and also increasing the thickness of the armour.
The Russian names for the missile are the R-11, and the R-17 Elbrus.
They were extensively used in northern Africa.
The French pronunciation of "AASM" was deux-A-S-M or A-deux-S-M.
The M-37M is an improved version with lighter base plate and a device to prevent double loading.
It was carried by Dassault Mirage IIIE, SEPECAT Jaguar A, and Dassault Super Étendard aircraft.
The weapon's hilt, grip, pommel are not copies of the Greek style.
It began its service with the Soviet Army in the late 1970s, and was its first modern spin and fin stabilized heavy multiple rocket launcher.
The Haskins was developed from a US Army requirement for an antimaterial capability.
The 1914 and 1915 model years referred to the dates of delivery from France.
AMX 38 was a prototype French tank designed in 1937 at the AMX works.
In Portuguese service the weapon was officially designated Espingarda 6,5 mm m/1904.
The weapon is, basically, a spear with a flag attached to the pole.
Patriot uses an advanced aerial interceptor missile and high-performance radar systems.
The Mannlicher M1893 is a bolt-action rifle that was the standard service rifle of the Kingdom of Romania from 1893 to 1938.
The Panther was rushed into combat at the Battle of Kursk despite numerous unresolved technical problems, leading to high losses due to mechanical failure.
It was approved for export in January 2017.
The gun was a scaled-up version of the BL 15 inch Mk I naval gun and was developed to equip the "large light cruiser" Furious.
Subsequent attempts to bring the firearm back into production have been unsuccessful.
It was first observed by the west in 1954.
The next-gen T-5000 sniper rifle named 'Tochnost' lit.
The Panhard AML is a fast, long-ranged, and relatively cheap first-generation armoured car with excellent reconnaissance capability.
The Medium Mark III was a medium tank developed in the United Kingdom during the post war.
The development cost of the program was around US$ 80 million, with a production cost of about $14 million.
The Zastava M57 pistol was a standard sidearm of the Yugoslav Army.
For example, leet spellings of the word leet include 1337 and l33t; eleet may be spelled 31337 or 3l33t.
Fired at low altitude and flying directly at its target though the lower atmosphere, the range of the missile in this role is greatly reduced.
Captain Robert C. Truax was an American rocket engineer in the United States Navy, and companies such as Aerojet and Truax Engineering, which he founded.
The original version of RASIT had a range of 20 kilometers and allowed a skilled operator to distinguish between personnel, vehicles, and aircraft.
The Ordnance QF 20 pounder was a British 84 mm tank gun
The Mark 3 came in 1995 with modifications made to enable the smart ammunition developed.
The term "Enfield Revolver" is not applied to Webley Mk VI revolvers built by RSAF Enfield between 1923 and 1926.
The CF05 submachine gun developed by Chongqing Changfeng in early 1990s in response to China's demand for a new submachine gun design.
The 15 cm SK C/25 was a German medium-caliber naval gun used during the Second World War.
The doughnut-shaped container design was copied by the British during World War II as the Flamethrower, Portable, No 2.
The 10 cm Nebelwerfer 40 was a heavy mortar used by Germany during the Second World War.
Designed by Edgar Brandt, it was copied by other countries, such as the United States and China, as well as purchased and built by Romania.
The Anti-Aircraft Target Rocket M2 was a 3.25-inch rocket developed and used by the United States Army during World War II.
This version had a new bolt head, an improved firing mechanism, modifications to the chambering, and a new rear sight.
The ALFA Defender is a Czech-made semi-automatic pistol created for military, law enforcement, and sport shooting purposes.
Little is known about its history or performance, including why it was not adopted.
The 7.5 cm Infanteriegeschütz 37 was an infantry support gun, used by Germany, during World War II.
At the opening of World War I, in 1914, the French Army had about 4,000 of these field guns in service.
Of the 16 torpedoes salvaged from the wreck in 1993, five were TXI's.
The Old French inch was actually 1.066 English inches long so the weapon can accurately be described as a 6.4-inch howitzer.
The carrier used is a 6x6 Jelcz truck model P662D.35 with armoured crew-cabin.
It fielded an unconventional 152 mm gun-missile system which would suffer many technical problems, and its swimming system would be rarely used in combat.
The IMI Desert Eagle is a semi-automatic handgun notable for chambering the largest centerfire cartridge of any magazine fed, self-loading pistol.
Rarely was a destroyer given a chance for a slow, careful surprise attack.
They instead opted for a bulpup configuration known as OTs 14 Groza which became its successor.
Jordanian Army received 4 vehicles 2014.more of these vehicles are expected to be ordered in the next years.
The Type 100 is a double barrel machine gun of Japanese origin.
Its development was quite prolonged as the Austrians took years to decide on the proper recoil system and type of breech.
Cameras provide 360-degree coverage for situational awareness for the operator.
                    
The Daewoo Precision Industries K3 is a South Korean light machine-gun.
It was originally designed and released in the 1980s to be of use to Law Enforcement and Military markets due to its slim profile.
In the 1970s and 1980s, Cobray was a counter terrorist training center in addition to being an arms maker under the leadership of Mitch WerBell.
It was the first product developed by ORSIS, and is produced in their Moscow factory.
The Zastava PPZ is the latest generation of the CZ 99 series of handguns chambered in multiple calibers.
Its development started in September 1941 as a close-support vehicle using the M3 Stuart's chassis.
The Smith & Wesson Model 22 series of revolvers is a refined, commercial version of the M1917 revolver issued during World War I.
The fragments, wreckage and residues may also contain toxic substances or be radioactive.
In the Soviet Union itself, these guns were largely superseded by the 100 and 130 mm guns.
It is designed for shooting at point targets at distances up to 800 meters.
Examples of the AGM-86A and AGM-86B are on display at the Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center of the National Air and Space Museum, near Washington, D.C.
The RSA is one of the earliest surface-to-air missiles systems, developed by the Swiss companies Oerlikon-Bührle and Contraves starting in 1947.
A total of 420 were built during World War II.
Rounds fired from the mortar can reach as high as 8,000 ft and hit the ground with an effective kill radius of nearly 250 ft.
By 1996 15,000 missiles had been produced and supplied to the Swedish and Austrian armies.
It shares some key components with the commercial 45 Series light truck.
A fresh start was done in the beginning of the 1990s for payload shells similar to some anti-tank shells.
The Flakpanzer IV "Ostwind" was a German self-propelled anti-aircraft gun based on the Panzer IV tank.
The Caracal pistol is a series of semi-automatic pistols manufactured by Caracal International L.L.C.
It is being replaced by the new 9K333 Verba since 2014.
By 1917 in the production of these weapons had ceased.
Currently, the German Army could use only the smaller 12.5 ton ATF Dingo 2 or the 33 ton Boxer MRAV.
The inner tube explosion causes the main explosive load to detonate, which produces 875 shards of fragmentation, each weighing around 0.103 grams.
The tank's official German ordnance inventory designation was SdKfz 101.
Surviving weapons were impressed into German service after 1943 as the 15 cm sFH 401(i).
It saw service from 1943–45 in all theaters except Norway and North Africa.
C-41 was launched in 1961 reaching an altitude of 30,000 mt.
The Golan was eliminated from the Marine Corps competition, and most of the vehicles will leave Marine service.
The R-23 took some time to develop, and was not used operationally until 1964.
The last strength report to mention them lists five remaining in September 1944.
Few FP-45 pistols were distributed as intended and most were destroyed by Allied forces after the war.
Almost identical was the model Saurer 2DM from the Adolph Saurer AG in Arbon.
Larger calibres were also used, but for these calibres the design simply permitted rapid manual loading rather than true automatic fire.
Surviving guns were taken back into German service after Italy's surrender in 1943.
It is most often called the "Hi Power", even in Belgium.
The rifle was first exported to the United States in 1993, but was not a commercial success.
The Stutzer was refitted with a Milbank Amsler breechloading system in 1867.
The RK-55 is very similar to the air-launched Kh-55 but the Kh-55 has a drop-down turbofan engine and was designed by MKB Raduga.
Pre-historic weaponmakers would rub the end of a selected wood pole against a smooth rock surface until a point was achieved.
The M40 recoilless rifle is a lightweight, portable, crew-served 105 mm weapon intended primarily as an anti-tank weapon made in the United States.
Two M-400 UAVs were successfully launched in September 2005 after four years of construction with many test flights.
Due to a lack of threat from the German Luftwaffe, the Skink was cancelled in 1944 after only a few had been built.
It is a variant of a popular Russian shotgun MP-153 manufactured by Izhevsk Mechanical Plant for export under trademak "Baikal", in Izhevsk, Russia.
20 were sold to the Finns in November 1940.
The Non-Line of Sight Launch System was a self-contained missile launcher system that was under development by NETFIRES LLC, a partnership between Lockheed Martin and Raytheon.
There are no reports of the MK.
The three centerfire calibers that the pistol can use are: .25 ACP; .32 ACP; .380 ACP.
As of 2004 the Kh-58U variant was still the primary anti-radiation missile of Russia and its allies.
The FFW project sought to create a lightweight, fully integrated infantryman combat system.
It is fed by a 7-round detachable single-stack magazine.
The Greek army has acquired 54 vehicle-mounted STINGER ASRAD Hellas.
The Pak 36 was a 3.7 cm calibre German anti-tank gun used during the Second World War.
The Yoruba people use this sword for hunting, war and other uses.
Born of the commercial rivalry existing with the makers of the Schneider CA1 tank, the Saint-Chamond was an underpowered and fundamentally inadequate design.
The vehicle was designed to be delivered by Junkers Ju 52 aircraft, though not by parachute.
The Mark 26 torpedo was an submarine-launched anti-surface ship torpedo designed by Westinghouse Electric in 1944 as an improved version of the Mark 28 torpedo.
The P4 is an unarmoured off-road vehicle used by the military of France.
Katyusha weapons of World War II included the BM-13 launcher, light BM-8, and heavy BM-31.
It comes with either a 2.2 lb or 3 lb trigger.
A total of ten of these vehicles were in use.
The M96 had an internal box-magazine holding five cartridges.
The winner of this competition would become the standard-issue handgun for most US special forces groups.
The world export markets was the major considerations behind the development of the Wasp 58 by Luchaire.
Stridsvagn m/31 was a Swedish World War II era tank built by AB Landsverk.
The A-Bolt Rifle is a bolt-action rifle designed by the American Browning Arms Company.
The 68-pounder cannon was an artillery piece designed and used by the British Armed Forces in the mid-19th century.
Prior to that it was known as the SRAW MK 40 MOD 0.
The Royal Army of Oman ordered 18 Challenger 2s in 1993 and a further 20 tanks in November 1997.
It was also known as the White Scout Car, after its manufacturer, the White Motor Company.
The Komodo tactical vehicles are slowly being adopted into Indonesian police and military service, which started after the vehicles made its public debut at Indodefence 2012.
It was a modification of the Springfield rifled musket Model 1861.
The first Mk IVs were Mk IIIs with extra armour fitted to the turret.
Under the guidance of Regin, Sigurd killed Fafnir, Regin's older brother that had killed their father Hreidmarr and monopolized his treasure.
The Kettenkrad came with a special trailer that could be attached to it to improve its cargo capacity.
Cluster bomb, an aerial bomb which releases a large number of small submunitions, which often act as mines.
The Bliss-Leavitt Mark 6 torpedo was a Bliss-Leavitt torpedo developed and produced by the E. W. Bliss Company in 1911.
New Winchester Model 21 production continues under license to Connecticut Shotgun Manufacturing Company.
A number of vehicles serving with the Netherlands Army in Suriname were handed to the new Surinamese army when that country became independent in 1975.
The tankette was powered by a twenty-five horsepower motorcycle engine allowing it to reach a speed of about 25 km/h, and weighed about 2.5 tonnes.
Afterwards, it was primarily used by secondary and non-deployed troops.
It replaced the Wanzl breechloader conversion of the muzzle-loading Lorenz rifle.
The Bushmaster III is an automatic/semi-automatic cannon designed and built by Alliant Techsystems.
The martial art of singlestick is more or less entirely derived from the use of wasters as practice weapons in place of broadswords.
Inspired by the successful Colt Python, the Diamondback was manufactured from 1966 to 1988 and was available in barrel lengths of 2½, 4, and 6 inches.
A quarrel or bolt is the arrow used in a crossbow.
The SIG SG 510 or Sturmgewehr 57 is a selective fire battle rifle manufactured by Schweizerische Industrie Gesellschaft of Switzerland.
The 28 cm Haubitze L/12 was a German siege howitzer.
It is nearly identical to the Zastava M85 carbine; the only differences between the two are caliber and, correspondingly, magazine design.
The magnum case is slightly longer to prevent magnum rounds from being chambered and fired in handguns chambered for the .38 Special.
Prototypes were developed in the late 1950s, with the production of 750 vehicles taking place in the 1960s.
The Syrian conversion utilizes the hull of a T-34 tank.
The vehicle was considered by the IJA to be one of its most versatile multi-function support vehicles.
It soon became highly valued as its gun could almost always penetrate the armour of the Panther and Tiger tanks it faced in Normandy.
The fire selector allows for semi- and full-automatic fire.
It is one of several models of "J-frame" Smith & Wesson revolvers.
The rifles were assembled in 1984–1985 by Finnish Defence Forces Asevarikko 1 in Kuopio, Finland.
It was produced in limited numbers for the U.S. Marines after the U.S. Army lost interest in the project.
Armscor is an ISO 9001 certified-compliant company which manufactures Rock Island pistols using CNC equipment.
The CZ 2075 RAMI is a semi-automatic pistol made by Česká zbrojovka Uherský Brod in the Czech Republic.
It is carried in a long, two-piece wooden sheath to properly hold the blade.
The machine guns on the vehicles could fire 480 shots a minute, rotate 180 degrees, and had a firing range of 2000 yards.
It utilizes a cross bolt safety and a selectable ejector or extractor.
It is based on a SK-105 Kürassier chassis with a refurbished AMX-13 turret.
The weapon used a blowback operation and was chambered in the 7.62×39mm round.
The gun weighed 6,400 grams and was available in 7.62×51, 6.5×55 Mauser/Skan and .22 LR for the recruit-class.
The Madsen-Saetter machine gun was a Danish general-purpose machine gun designed in the early 1950s by Eric Larsen-Saetter.
Also use {{R printworthy}} together with this template when used in mainspace.
They were initially designed for gunpowder propellants and were of both 25.5 and 30 calibres lengths.
It was intended to replace the FAI and its field trials were completed in 1935.
Post war use was for civilian use such as hunting and target practice.
The Benelli Raffaello semi-automatic shotgun is manufactured by Italian arms manufacturer Benelli Armi SpA.
                  W
The wodao is a Chinese sword from the Ming Dynasty.
The EE-9 Cascavel is a six-wheeled Brazilian armoured car developed primarily for reconnaissance.
The missile was developed by the Swedish company Saab Bofors Dynamics.
Mass production is planned to begin in 2018.
Once the safety pin was removed, it was armed, striking the fuze ignited a powder delay train.
The SIG SG 530 was a Swiss assault rifle developed in the 1960s by Schweizerische Industrie Gesellschaft to take the then-new 5.56×45mm NATO round.
The S3 was a French land-based Intermediate Range Ballistic Missile, equipped with a single 1.2-megatonne thermonuclear warhead.
The FT5 is a shoulder-launched, unguided and portable anti-tank rocket weapon.
The Leyland Retriever was a 6 x 4 truck produced by Leyland Motors for the British Army between 1939 to 1945.
It also fired from a closed bolt along with using blowback for its action.
Although actually a light tank, it was called sōkōsha in Japanese due to political sectionalism within the Japanese Army.
The honorary director of the Iga-ryu Ninja Museum is Jinichi Kawakami.
It was primarily intended to be used against infantry and machine-gun nests because its low muzzle velocity made it unsuitable for anti-armour use.
Although called a carbine, the gun may be termed a submachine gun since it is identical to the Hungarian Danuvia 43M submachine gun.
The M16A2 is considerably different, having an offset fuse well and only a single pyrotechnic delay element.
Some communities venerate the weapon as a symbol of Shiva.
УР in its designation stands for " Универсальная Ракета".
Boragh is believed to be a reverse engineered and upgraded model of the Chinese Type 86.
Since its inception, the Ch'ŏnma-ho has apparently undergone several extensive upgrades.
When fired, the mild 6.5x50mm Arisaka cartridge gave off little flash or smoke and made counter-sniper activity difficult.
It has been developed by Thomson CSF Matra and exists in two versions, a mobile land-based version and a ship-launched one.
The Thyssen Henschel UR-416 is a German armoured personnel carrier, introduced in 1969 built from the same body as the Mercedes-Benz Unimog light truck.
7 pounder referred to the approximate weight of the shell it fired.
This extra locking mechanism was deemed necessary due to the increased power of the .44 Special cartridge, first chambered in the Triple Lock.
Mills bomb is the popular name for a series of prominent British hand grenades.
Successful trials led to Felix being put in production in 1945, but the Pacific War ended before it entered combat.
The CZ 527 Varmint is an American-style bolt-action smallbore rifle designed by Česká zbrojovka Uherský Brod based on the CZ 527.
It can be launched from the ground or air as a rocket-powered missile or dropped from the air as a guided bomb.
After 1915 and the onset of trench warfare, other types of battlefield missions demanding impact-detonated high-explosive shells prevailed.
It also uses the same action as the Remington 1100 series shotguns design, they of course having the parent gun the venerable 870 series.
The LAD machine gun is a Soviet prototype light machine gun.
The name David's Sling comes from the biblical story of David and Goliath.
All gladius types appear to have been suitable for cutting and chopping as well as thrusting.
It was Heckler & Koch's entry into the U.S military's Close Assault Weapon System program.
The Leopard 2E is a major improvement over the M60 Patton tank, which it replaced in Spain's mechanized and armored units.
It carried a 5 kiloton nuclear warhead.
The Mossberg 702 Plinkster is a rifle chambered for the .22 Long Rifle cartridge sold under the Mossberg name.
These tanks played a major part on the Commonwealth beaches during the landings.
The machine gun was delivered in three variants: infantry machine gun, heavy bunker machine gun and for armoured vehicles.
Wyman traveled the world on the yacht including Tahiti, Bora Bora, and Hawaii.
It is chambered in .300 AAC Blackout and produced by Advanced Armament Corporation, a subsidiary of Freedom Group.
It was equipped with a one-megaton thermonuclear warhead and used inertial navigation with mid-course update via data link.
Some models, probably the ESP85, have a longer trigger bar than the ESP85A, and also with a different placed disconnector-notch in the slide.
Colt added in an additional rail under the dust cover to attach tactical lights or LAMs.
Most military models were produced only with single-action, whereas civilian models were made primarily with double action.
Other rifles that use the balanced automatics system are the AEK-971, AO-38, SA-006, AKB and AKB-1.
The compact design of the pistol makes it ideal for concealed carry.
This gun was used in conflicts between the USSR and Japan on the Far East, in the Winter War and in World War II.
In NATO countries, the system was initially known as M1964.
The Anzio 20mm rifle is an American anti-materiel rifle designed and marketed by Anzio Iron Works.
Over time it evolved into a family of specialized vehicles.
Seven prototypes were built and tested at Rock Island Arsenal and Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland.
Beaten zone is a concept in indirect infantry small arms fire, specifically machine guns.
The M3 Gun Motor Carriage was a United States Army tank destroyer equipped with one 75 mm gun and was produced by Autocar.
In one army, there are 12,500 officers and men.
Whatever the case, most historians accept that the spiculum evolved from the earlier javelins used by the Roman army.
Some of the problems were caused by incorrect maintenance; many rifles went into combat without having been cleaned of their storage grease, which then "froze" solid.
The basic BA-10 design was developed from the BA-3 and BA-6 heavy armored cars.
The rifle can be loaded with either a 5 round stripper clip, or single rounds.
It was one of the precursors of modern anti-ship missiles.
In 1940, a LMG was accepted called system SAV.
The name was randomly generated as one of the UK's Rainbow Codes.
The yacht was used extensively with scenes shot from the exterior and in the wheel house, cabins, engine room, upper and lower decks.
It was not particularly accurate and bombs often fell over in flight and landed on their sides which caused a lot of duds in soft ground.
The Bizon is a 9mm submachine gun developed in the early 1990s at Izhmash by a team of engineers headed by Victor Kalashnikov.
As with thermite, thermate's ability to burn without an external supply of oxygen renders it useful for underwater incendiary devices.
The Henschel Wehrtechnik TH-200, TH-400, and TH-800 are a family of wheeled armoured fighting vehicles by Thyssen-Henschel.
It was designed by John Browning in 1894 and originally chambered to fire two metallic black powder cartridges, the .32-40 Winchester and .38-55 Winchester.
It is to be replaced with the PVP by Panhard.
The Mark 32 was withdrawn from service use with the introduction of the Mark 43 torpedo.
It has a maximum range of 500 metres against a tank-sized target.
It was manufactured in the People's Republic of China respectively as the Type 53 and Type 57 heavy machine guns.
It was brought into service in 1995.
Dutch vehicles were exported in the 1990s to Bahrain and Chile, according to SIPRI 35 and 8 vehicles respectively.
Information about this family of missiles has mostly been kept classified.
The DM-11 is a German anti-tank mine popular in countries of Africa, not suited to be disarmed or neutralized
The Tiuna was created to compete with the American-made Humvee, which was first shown to the public on July 20, 2004.
BARS works by shifting mass toward the muzzle of the rifle as the bolt and bolt carrier recoil rearward.
Recent use of these weapons has been as devices to non-lethally "stand off" pirates near the African Coast.
The GP-34 features an additional mechanism to improve safety during loading.
Although there were doubts about the effectiveness of the Bombard, many were issued.
The 100 mm field gun M1944) was a Soviet 100 mm anti-tank and field gun.
Most have double-edged blades, like a dagger, that range from 3 to 5 inches.
It can be used to strike or entangle the opponent as well as to parry his blows and to capture or incapacitate an opponents weapon.
The new weapon was accepted to service in the Soviet Army in January 1974.
The M141 Bunker Defeat Munition, or SMAW-D, is a single-shot, shoulder-launched weapon designed to defeat hardened structures.
It is portrayed by modern ninjutsu practitioners as the weapon of the ninja, and is prominently featured in popular culture.
A TX-21C was tested as the Navajo shot, Operation Redwing.
YMS-328 was sold privately in 1948 to Vancouver Tug & Barge owner Harold Jones.
It served until replacement by the Accuracy International L96 in 1985.
The Spartan 310 is inexpensive compared to other double barreled shotguns.
                      
Similar to other underwater firearms, it fires a special 4.25 inch metal dart as its projectile.
The prototype was completed in February 1918 and was evaluated between March and May 1918 at Aberdeen Proving Ground.
It was a flexible machine gun used in the some Polish airplanes in the beginning of World War II.
It was often carried in place of a knife or larger sword.
The FN FNP pistol is a series of semi-automatic, polymer-framed pistols manufactured in Columbia, South Carolina, by FNH USA, a division of Fabrique Nationale de Herstal.
Fewer than 1,000 Gibbs-Farquharson rifles were made, the last one being delivered in 1910.
The weapon is known for its unreliability and is high unpopularity among Finnish conscripts.
It was designed to tow a Romanian 75 mm gun.
The Mylonas rifle was used during the Thessaly campaign of 1878 and as a reserve in later conflicts, while some equipped police units.
This model is aimed at replacing the current generation of Russian MLRS, including BM-21 Grad, and Serbian MLRS M-77 Oganj and M-63 Plamen in all version.
It used a wedge-lock straight pull action bolt.
                
It was produced at a slow rate from 1938 onwards and was exported as far away as Bolivia and Venezuela.
Its main armament, the Sprut anti-tank gun, is capable of firing APFSDS, HE-Frag, HEAT and ATGM ammunition.
The receiver is made from steel tube, and pistol grip with trigger unit is attached below.
A similarly ornate scabbard and belt were added to the sword.
It comes in two barrel lengths either 18" or 23.5".
Historically, however, many ceremonial weapons were also capable of actual combat, most notably in the military.
Designed and built in 1998 it was the first Mine Protected Vehicle manufactured by Windhoeker Maschinenfabrik after it was bought by Government of Namibia.
Finish options available included a highly polished blued or nickel-plated surface.
Salvaged guns saw post-war use by other nations.
It is currently being replaced by the CZ 750 model.
Troops can fire their weapons from 8 small firing ports in the sides.
It was designed to a Czech Army requirement to penetrate 30 millimetres of armor at 1,000 metres in 1934.
Each mine was equipped with its own parachute.
There is stowage for 30 shells, included a Chinese version of the Krasnopol laser ammunition.
Although the effective range of the cannon was only 150 meters, the Ho-301 was light and rapid-firing for its caliber.
Magnum Research Inc. designed and developed the Desert Eagle.
For gaming uses see Light gun and Laser tag
Originally intended solely as cargo carriers for ship to shore operations, they evolved into assault troop and fire support vehicles.
It is essentially the same missile as the Mod 1 version Topol-M except the payload “bus” has been modified to carry multiple independently targetable warheads.
The name BrahMos is a portmanteau formed from the names of two rivers, the Brahmaputra of India and the Moskva of Russia.
A Malappuram kathi is a kind of dagger, developed by few blacksmith families of Malappuram district from Malabar Region of Kerala in ancient times.
The only difference was that the Mk.
The Hi-Point Model JCP is a blowback operated semi-automatic pistol chambered for the popular .40 S&W round.
Development began in 1974 and resulted in the construction of three prototypes by early 1977 and full-scale production by 1979.
The missile and its variants also had the names K-37, izdeliye 610 and R-VD, and the NATO codenames 'Arrow' and 'Andi'.
It was manufactured in 1906 as a replacement for the clip loading C96.
The FLG was designed with police and special forces in mind and was made from plastic and steel.
The first Bowflex product, Bowflex 2000X, was created in 1986.
Qatari AMX-30s saw action against Iraqi forces at the Battle of Khafji.
In addition to the USA and Canada, the U22 Neos is listed for sale by Beretta distributors in Australia, France and some other European countries.
In 1942 the remainder of the order was completed and 80 were delivered to the Heer.
In 1880, Serbian Major Kosta "Koka" Milovanović developed an updated version of the Mauser Model 1871, still single-shot, but chambered in its unique 10.15×63R caliber.
It is closely related to other Southeast Asian fighting styles such as Malay silat, Burmese banshay and Cambodian kbach kun boran.
The French government ordered 400 Saint-Chamond howitzers in 1915, these being delivered starting in late 1916.
It replaced the earlier M1841 mountain howitzer used since about 1837, a decade before the Mexican-American War of 1846-1848 in U.S. Army service.
The missile is designed to avoid radar detection and penetrate enemy air defences.
              
Serial numbers 10001 to 36550 were for commercial distribution.
Both are waterproof and are supplied in continuous rolls.
It is designed for SWAT and special forces teams in hostile situations, particularly counter-terrorism and hostage rescue operations.
The Type 58 is an assault rifle made in North Korea derived from the Soviet AK-47 designed by Mikhail Kalashnikov.
Guns captured by Nazi Germany after the Invasion of Yugoslavia were used by the Heer as the 15 cm Kanone 403(j).
212 was a kind of soviet cruise missile developed in 1936 by Sergei Korolev.
The mine contains a high explosive charge, a pressure-initiated fuze, a pressure plate and seven fuze wells but no power source.
The Japanese samurai warriors were also adept with the wodao.
The Canon de 24 Gribeauval was a French 24-pounder cannon and part of the Gribeauval system developed by Jean Baptiste Vaquette de Gribeauval.
The tripod itself weighs 65 kg and has a height of 106.7 cm with M2.
The vehicle was developed in 1960 and the prototype was tested in 1963.
Man catchers played a role in the medieval custom of capturing noble opponents for ransom.
This headspace screw was locked in place, after adjustment, by a brass pin that bore against headspace screws' threads.
It is a GPS-guided munition capable of being used in close support situations within 150–75 metres of friendly troops.
Until the 1950s it was designated the 8 inch Howitzer M1.
By comparison, turrets could be rotated and sometimes lowered so that only the top shell was exposed.
Acoustic homing is a system which uses the acoustic signature of a target to guide a moving object, such as a torpedo.
The Republic of Korea and the Indian military have expressed interest in acquiring the 2S25 Sprut-SD.
The SIG Sauer P239 is a semi-automatic pistol designed and manufactured by SIG Sauer, GMBH and SIG Sauer, Exeter, NH.
The rifle is fed by en-bloc clips and chambered for the 6.5x52mm Carcano cartridge.
Created by the National Defense Research Committee, Felix relied on infrared to detect and home on targets, in clear weather, especially ships at sea at night.
The Type 11 designation was given to this gun as it was accepted in the 11th year of Emperor Taishō's reign.
They replaced the earlier Model 30 and abortive Model 720.
Its inventor, Norman MacLeod, named the mine after a large Scottish medieval sword.
AMX-10Ps were popular with a number of Arab armies and have been operated by Iraq, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.
A land-based version of the T-40, the T-40S, was produced, although was later redesignated the T-60.
   is the ballistic limit velocity in fps
The production of these Soviet rifles was carried out at both the Tula Arms Plant and Izhmash.
However, it will not be integrated on the Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II.
In 1943 the gun was replaced in production by the 76 mm regimental gun M1943, but remained in service until the end of the war.
It was designed to be towed as a complete unit, the baseplate riding above the tube.
The M15 is quite similar to the Colt Commander and is operationally similar to the M1911A1.
VDP cloches were used for observation of the surrounding area for artillery direction.
All work on the Rolls-Royce machine guns was abandoned in 1942.
In the German Army, armoured cars were intended for the traditional cavalry missions of reconnaissance and screening.
Its eight-wheeled design is a licensed version of the Swiss MOWAG Piranha 8x8.
The Z84 is a Spanish machine pistol created by the Star Bonifacio Echeverria of Spain.
The Type 92 battalion gun was a light howitzer used by the Imperial Japanese Army during the Second Sino-Japanese War and World War II.
The main role of this vehicle is to recover the CVR(T) family of vehicles, but can recover other light tracked vehicles such as the FV430 series.
The deployment of the missile is speculated to have the same strategic impact as the SS-20 Saber.
The missile was an ambitious project, as the main objective was to develop it into a hypersonic missile.
The long delays and ever-increasing costs combined with inflation meant Roland was never procured in the numbers originally anticipated.
The 37mm Spade Mortar was a Soviet 37 mm light infantry mortar used in the Second World War.
AA guns were still used for lower altitude threats.
Alternatively, LT PGB can also be guided by any general purpose targeting pods, such as FILAT.
The AN-11's development began in the late 1950s.
The V-2, technical name Aggregat 4, was the world's first long-range guided ballistic missile.
I have personally fired this weapon out to 1800 meters and acquired about an 80% first round hit probability.
The Harper's Ferry Arsenal produced a pattern weapon, which was then taken to gunsmiths to be copied.
An updated version with greater range, the R-24, replaced it in service.
It mounted six M40 106 mm recoilless rifles as its main armament, which could be fired in rapid succession against single targets to guarantee a kill.
The tank was named after General of the Armies John J. Pershing, who led the American Expeditionary Force in Europe in World War I.
The Colombo-Ricci was an automatic revolver of Italian origin, designed around 1910.
They were usually organised into specialised heavy tank units.
At least 1,193 were built between 1938 and 1945.
According to Poetic Edda, Regin used Ridill to rip out Fafnir's heart.
        =
One gun is currently on display at Møvig Fortress outside Kristiansand.
Altogether a series of 16 or 17 cars were made.
The first prototype was built in 1942 and the 7,000 built by the FNA-B were issued to German and Italian RSI units fighting in Northern Italy.
The ASM-135 ASAT is an air-launched anti-satellite multistage missile that was developed by Ling-Temco-Vought's LTV Aerospace division.
It lacked a turret, with the main armament, a short 75 mm cannon, in a sponson on the right side.
The FN SCAR system completed low rate initial production testing in June 2007.
The TOZ-194 is a conventional pump-action shotgun that feeds from a 7-rounds tube and chambers 70 mm shotgun shells "Magnum" shells is strongly counterindicated).
An explosive device is device that relies on the exothermic reaction of an explosive material to provide a violent release of energy.
It was also fitted on the four subsequent Helgoland class, five Kaisers, four König-class battleships, and three Derfflinger-class battlecruisers.
The PK, is a 7.62 mm general-purpose machine gun designed in the Soviet Union and currently in production in Russia.
Their advanced W87 warheads were slated to be moved to the Minuteman III.
Its receiver is made from stamped and riveted sheet metal, instead of Rk 62's milled receiver.
The weight of the handgun helps control the recoil, making controlled shooting possible.
Astra is an active radar homing beyond-visual-range air-to-air missile developed by the Defence Research and Development Organisation, India.
While most BLU-26 submunitions explode on impact, they can also be set for air-burst or fixed-period delayed detonation.
For close range combat, 2- or 3-shot bursts are recommended.
Nirbheek is a 6-shot cylinder revolver designed & manufactured by the Ordnance Factories Organization in Kanpur, India.
Relatively few were made as the version of the standard 10 cm Feldhaubitze M 99 with a narrow, 1.3-metre carriage was cheaper.
Robert Whitehead was an English engineer, most famous for developing the first effective self-propelled naval torpedo.
It has been developed with Vehicle Electronic Architecture to be mission system ready.
The French 75 is widely regarded as the first modern artillery piece.
About 100 Mark 3s were purchased from the E. W. Bliss Company; in 1913, these were redesignated Torpedo Type A.
The M75 grenade is a Yugoslav hand grenade, efficient in trenches, forests and bunkers.
The Pantserwagen M39 or DAF Pantrado 3 was a Dutch 6×4 armoured car produced in the late thirties for the Royal Dutch Army.
RBS 70 is a man-portable air-defense system designed for anti-aircraft warfare in all climate zones and with little to no support from other forces.
The 120-millimeter gun has a length of 5.28 meters, and the gun system weighs approximately 3,317 kilograms.
Nakpadon or Nikpadon is an Israeli heavy armored personnel carrier based on the Centurion-derived Nagmachon.
However, there are some major differences between the Sayyad and the Striker.
The klewang or kelewang is a type of single-edge longsword from Indonesia with a protruding notch near its tip.
It is intended that these FV432s will free up the Warrior vehicles for provision of reserve firepower status and/or rotation out of theatre.
It is also relatively light, and is more accurate than other sniper rifles.
The Model 1863 was only a minor improvement over the Springfield Model 1861.
The M1893 was cheaper than the Maxim gun but was gradually replaced by the Schwarzlose MG M.07/12.
In 2010, the Marksman systems in service in Finland were moved to war-time storage.
130 53 TK or 130 TK is a Finnish fixed, heavy artillery piece, manufactured by Tampella.
The first batch of 253 vehicles were ordered to replace Cold War VCC-2 armoured personnel carriers of the Mechanized Brigade Pinerolo in Southern Italy.
Whip techniques in silambam are known as savuku adi and are generally performed from mid-range.
The Fort-12 is a semi-automatic pistol which was designed in the late 1990s by Ukrainian firearms designer RPC Fort.
The Ehrhardt 7.5 cm Model 1904 mountain guns were originally issued to the Schutztruppe in German South-West Africa.
The Conqueror's role was to provide long range anti-tank support for the Centurion.
Adding to the debate, a number of technical problems emerged that suggested Zeus would have little capability against any sort of sophisticated attack.
The ZFB-05 "New Star" is a Chinese armored personnel carrier developed mainly for the People's Liberation Army Ground Force.
In service it was not as successful as its smaller brother due to its greater weight and much greater requirement for compressed air.
It is based on a design by American firearms inventor John Browning, and completed by Dieudonné Saive at Fabrique Nationale of Herstal, Belgium.
The Ordnance Quick-Firing 17-pounder was a 76.2 mm gun developed by the United Kingdom during World War II.
The P-64 is also known as the CZAK.
It was pulled by three pairs of horses when attached to its limber.
The Parang Jimpul is an intermediary form between the Mandau and the Langgai Tinggang dating from c. 1870-c. 1885.
Since 2010, the U.S. Army has made available two M14 EBR-RI rifles per infantry platoon for units deploying to Afghanistan.
The P'okp'ung-ho is only known to be used in North Korea.
Taurus KEPD 350 is a German/Swedish air-launched cruise missile, manufactured by Taurus Systems and used by Germany, Spain and South Korea.
After release from the aerial dispenser, the bomblet was stabilized by six pop-out drag vanes.
Historically, the preferred material for surgical scalpels was silver, on account of its antimicrobial properties.
Sufficient pressure on the prongs or tension on an attached tripwire causes the release of a striker.
The weapon was considered to replace the .303 Lee–Enfield after 1945.
It was deployed on destroyers and battleships during World War I and cruisers built in the 1920s.
Hawk was originally intended to attack aircraft, especially those flying at medium and low altitudes.
It is intended to fill the role of a versatile, lightweight all-around rifle as specified in Jeff Cooper's scout rifle concept.
The 457 is a traditional double-action pistol, meaning that the first shot is fired in double-action mode and the following shots are fired in single-action mode.
An adjustable bipod and rear support leg/hand grip allow for stable shooting.
This movement of the carriage without moving the wheels or spade produced a very accurate weapon.
It fires fin-stabilised, rocket-assisted HE and HEAT projectiles similar to those fired by the 73 mm 2A28 Grom low pressure gun of the BMP-1 armored vehicle.
The Mauser Model 1889 was a bolt-action rifle of Belgian origin.
An ad-hoc capability was achieved with the 4 crane couplings.
It is a large, stealthy long-range weapon of the 2,000 pounds class.
The D-30 has a maximum range of 15.4 kilometers, or over 21 km using RAP ammunition.
The MP-444 "Bagira" pistol is a modern pistol designed in Russia at the Izhevsk Mechanical Plant; it was built to replace the Makarov pistols.
The rifle used a muzzle "gas-trap" system similar to Bang rifle.
It has a spur-less hammer, and a long but smooth double action only trigger.
This vehicle is designed and built in Venezuela.
In the Battle of France the battalion still only had four guns.
Overlapping machine guns, creating a crossfire, using the beaten zone concept, together with the idea of enfilading were an important part of World War I.
Squeezing the main trigger slightly, fired off a single round.
The Bofors 12 cm M. 14 was a howitzer used by the Netherlands in World War II as the Lichte Houwitzer 12 cm L 14.
The PzH 2000 is one of the most powerful conventional artillery systems deployed in the 2010s.
The M939 Truck is a 5-ton 6×6 U.S. military heavy truck.
Most accessories are interchangeable with a Mossberg 500.
Thames Ironworks and Shipbuilding Company won the contract at a price of £4,300 per mortar.
It can be easily airlifted by helicopter, or dropped by parachute.
The first production version was adopted in 1945 as the Kpist m/45.
The Zweihänder also Doppelhänder or Beidhänder is a large two-handed sword primarily in use during the early decades of the 16th century.
Mattress was the term applied to ground-based Western Allied multiple rocket launchers during World War II.
There is less "spin-up" time for the barrels than with an externally powered rotary cannon.
It is currently the standard service rifle of the Republic of Korea Armed Forces.
The Gorgon was an air-to-air missile powered by a turbojet engine and equipped with radio controls and a homing device.
The Israelis also introduced a new anti-personnel munition which limits collateral damage by controlling the fragmentation of the projectile.
OTO Melara would develop and produce the hulls, and automotive components would be provided by Fiat.
The PPSh-41; is a Soviet submachine gun designed by Georgi Shpagin as a cheap, reliable, and simplified alternative to the PPD-40.
Dan Wesson M1911 pistols are made at the Dan Wesson Firearms manufacturing facility in Norwich, New York.
              
As of 2015, the rifle is also known as the Advanced Automatic Rifle.
The wheels were lowered when it was used on roads and retracted for tracked movement cross-country.
Two prototypes were produced by Firestone and then sent to the Aberdeen Proving Ground.
All surviving weapons were retired during the 1920s.
In emergencies they were utilized as powerful anti-tank weapons.
The Mk44 Bushmaster II is a 30 mm chain gun manufactured by Alliant Techsystems.
The pistol's name is derived from its designers — Gryazev and Shipunov, and the number 18 denotes the magazine capacity.
Small numbers of Saint-Chamond howitzers were given to the Serbian and Romanian armies towards the end of World War I.
These handlebars also operate the steering brakes, which act independently on each side of the vehicle giving brake steering.
No longer manufactured by FN, the Model 30-11 remains in service with Belgian police and military, as well as military forces in several countries.
The code designation "I-Go" comes from the katakana letter [イ] for “first” and the kanji [号] for "number".
There have been several British 21-inch diameter torpedoes used by the Royal Navy since their first development just before the First World War.
The deputy general designer of PL-9 is the same deputy general designer of PL-12, Dr. Liang Xiaogeng.
Weapons such as nightsticks, bâtons français, axes, spears, or guns
The name "Aster" originates from the mythical Greek archer named Asterion, Asterion likewise receiving his name from the ancient Greek word aster, meaning "star".
The weapon was used by warriors of the Indian Rajput clans, and was both a stabbing and slicing blade.
The Norinco Type 90 Armoured Fighting Vehicle is the successor for the Type 85 AFV of which it uses some components.
The Disney bomb saw limited use by the United States Army Air Forces in Europe from February to April 1945.
The canon lourd de 12 Gribeauval was used extensively during the wars following the French Revolution, as well as the Napoleonic wars.
It is a modified version of the M14 rifle formerly used by the United States Marine Corps.
It was developed in the late 1950s as a replacement for the BTR-152 and was seen in public for the first time in 1961.
The Wer’wolf MK2 is a Namibian designed and built MRAP vehicle that offers protection against small arms fire and land mines.
FV106 Samson is a British Army armoured recovery vehicle, one of the CVR(T) family.
It was designed and developed by Capco, Incorporated under contract through Picatinny Arsenal to replace the M122 tripod.
It fired a white phosphorus round that would explode after travelling 8 m on hard contact, or after 1.3 seconds by fuse.
This makes it a relatively easy purchase for Police and First Responders.
Mersad is an Iranian advanced low to mid range air defense system developed in 2010.
The tube under the barrel serves as a guide for scrolling.
Terrapins served with the Royal Engineer assault teams of the 79th Armoured Division and were used to carry infantry units over rivers.
There are eight types of M76, four of which use 7.62×39mm M43 ammunition, while the other four use 5.56×45mm NATO rounds.
Firing up to 2,600 rpm, the R-23 was the fastest firing single-barrel cannon ever introduced into service.
In his youth he was a champion skier and ice skater.
Both grenades used identical warhead and fuzing.
The Remington-Rider Single Shot Derringer Parlor Pistol was made by E. Remington and Sons between 1860 and 1863.
          
Allan was born in Stillwell, Johnson County, Kansas and lived in Kansas City.
Ranken darts became obsolete with the advent of .303 incendiary ammunition fired from Vickers and Lewis guns mounted on fighter aircraft.
Cecil Vandepeer Clarke was an engineer, inventor and soldier who served in both the First and Second World Wars.
Four government research establishments proposed over 20 prototypes.
There are several variants, it is best known as an anti-radiation missile but there are also anti-shipping and target drone versions.
It can hold a crew of two, plus 12 additional soldiers and associated equipment.
However, they were unsatisfactory because of their high superstructure and nose weight.
The RSD 58 is an early production surface-to-air missile system developed by Rheinmetall Air Defence in Switzerland from 1947.
Up to two RG-32Ms can be transported in a C-130 cargo aircraft.
1's hammer and sear are machined from tool steel.
The PL-9 is a short-range, infrared-homing air-to-air missile developed by the People's Republic of China.
The Mk V had a driver, a gunner and the commander helping on the gun.
TKB-059 can now be seen at the Tula arms museum.
Abhay is an Infantry Combat Vehicle being developed in India by the Defence Research and Development Organisation.
It has a reported range of 20 km.
The SAM-R is no longer in service.
It is of a bullpup layout and is chambered in the 5.45×39mm M74 round.
This system is produced by the KRET corporation on different wheeled platforms.
The SM-70 was an East German directional antipersonnel mine developed specifically to combat Republikflucht across the Inner German Border into West Germany.
However, when tested at Hythe the firearm exhibited excessive recoil and poor ergonomics, and was not adopted for military service.
The standard Varmint model is available in three calibers: .17 Remington, .204 Ruger, and .223 Remington.
In front-line Russian service, T-72s are being upgraded or augmented by the T-90.
Its barrel-shaped fuselage resembled that of numerous fighter aircraft designs of the era, but without a cockpit.
BM stands for boyevaya mashina, and the nickname grad means "hail".
It must be understood that it was not strapped or secured directly to the thigh, but hung from the belt.
It is made with a polymer upper and lower receiver, rather than the aluminum that is normally used in AR-15s and uses proprietary polymer magazines.
On the basis of the RSA Missile, the beacon controlled missile system RSC / D was developed.
Cruise missiles are designed to deliver a large warhead over long distances with high precision; that is, small circular error probability.
During the production, which lasted from 1955 to 1956 or 1959, 109 M67 tanks were produced for the Marine Corps and US Army.
Although it is visually similar to the Thompson submachine gun the operation and design is quite different.
          
In 2012 the U.S. Department of Defense assessed that the Taepodong-2 had not been deployed as a missile.
The 42 cm Gamma Mörser as it was known in World War II or, originally, kurze Marinekanone L/16 was a German siege howitzer.
Crews of the 37 mm AD guns shot down 14,657 Axis planes.
The Leclerc is in service with the French Army and the army of the United Arab Emirates.
There is a difference between models marked ESP85 and ESP85A.
The interior side of the multiple-chamber ring was lined with the corresponding 18 percussion cap nipples.
As the name implies, it is a coach gun style shotgun, similar to those used to defend stagecoaches in the American Old West.
Superseding the previous Vallière system, the Gribeauval system was adopted in 1765 and its guns were first used during the American Revolutionary War.
The Kh-38/Kh-38M is a family of air-to-surface missiles meant to succeed the Kh-25 family of missiles.
The Ghauri-II uses increased motor assembly length and improved propellants for an increased range of 2,300 km.
It is produced in various rimfire calibers, and with various stocks and finishes.
The two-part machined steel receiver features an integral accessory rail for mounting optical sights.
Like the Richard, it never moved beyond the research and development stage.
It employed a main engine that was a horizontal turbine rather than the vertical turbine used on all other Bliss-Leavitt torpedoes.
It was superseded by the Thornycroft Antar in British service by the early 1950, though a few remained operational in units through 1971.
They are not to be confused with a brigantine, which has different rigging.
She served in the Aleutian Islands during World War II, sweeping enemy minefields at Attu and US minefields at Kiska, and patrolling out of Adak.
The vehicle accommodates a crew of 8 or 10, including the driver, depending on model.
In the suppression of the Southern Tang state by 976 AD, early Song naval forces confronted them on the Yangtze River in 975 AD.
Distinguished by the siege of Berlin, these weapons quickened up the Red Army´s assault on the German capital.
The Rolling Airframe Missiles, together with the Mk 49 Guided Missile Launching System and support equipment, make up the RAM Mk 31 Guided Missile Weapon System.
Those produced by Tata Locomotives were called "Tatanagars" after the location of the works.
It is quite similar to historical scouting tankettes in size, form and function, and is the only true modern tankette in use in Western Europe.
In late January 2008, Bushmaster entered into a licensing agreement with Magpul whereby Bushmaster would take over production, future development, and sales of the Masada.
The ALAS missile system was developed primarily for missions against tanks, armored vehicles, fortifications, command posts, low-flying helicopters, coastal ships, industrial facilities and bridges.
The Pacific War ended before it entered combat.
202 Panzer I were converted to the Panzerjäger I in 1940 and 1941.
Nevertheless, it was produced in large numbers.
The art of wielding the Miaodao can be traced back to the lineage of Jixiao Xinshu.
The BA-20 was an armored car developed in the Soviet Union in 1934.
Depending on the quality and historical value of the kris, it can fetch thousands of dollars or more.
The Smith & Wesson Model 29 is a six-shot, double-action revolver chambered for the .44 Magnum cartridge and manufactured by the U.S. company Smith & Wesson.
The company also produced the .308 caliber Grizzly and Homestead rifles, along with 12 gauge pump action shotguns, the Mallard and La Salle; and, a No.
Along with the Model 7400, the Model Four is essentially a redesign of the Model 742.
The Humber Scout Car was a British light scout car used in the Second World War.
Sakb is an armoured command vehicle designed and manufactured in Pakistan by APC Factory of Heavy Industries Taxila.
Amogha-1, is a second generation, Anti-Tank Guided Missile which has pin point accuracy for a range up to 2.8 km.
The GSG-5 is a semi-automatic rimfire rifle chambered for the .22 Long Rifle cartridge.
After Dong Bingyin died, his position was succeeded by Mr. Jin Xianzhong.
The Lahti L-35 is a semi-automatic pistol designed by Aimo Lahti that was produced between 1935 and 1952.
He won international fame after reaching a record northern latitude of 86°14′ during his North Pole expedition of 1893–96.
The Ruger 10/22 is a semi-automatic rimfire rifle chambered in .22 Long Rifle cartridges, produced by American firearm manufacturer Sturm, Ruger & Co..
The ALFA Series Steel is part of the three revolver series made by ALFA: Series ALFA, Series ALFA Steel, and Series HOLEK.
It was armed with a M1919 Browning machine gun and could reach a maximum speed of 8 mph.
SPG is a development of the joint Poland, Soviet Union and East Germany transporter called MT-S, developed in the late 1980s.
The Webley Mk I service revolver was adopted in 1887 and the Mk IV, rose to prominence during the Boer War of 1899–1902.
The U.S. Department of Defense in its 2013 report to Congress on China's military developments made no mention of the DF-25 as a missile in service.
An original French design, it was developed by Batignolles Company of Paris and introduced in 1915.
The A-135 anti-ballistic missile system is a Russian military complex deployed around Moscow to counter enemy missiles targeting the city or its surrounding areas.
Use against ground targets is better suited to the M3 tripod because the mount tends to be unstable when the gun is fired at low angles.
Its innovative concept and design were created by Alexander Nadiradze.
The Volkssturmgewehr is the name of several rifle designs developed by Nazi Germany during the last months of World War II.
The Smith & Wesson Model 422, was a semi automatic .22 LR pistol manufactured by Smith & Wesson.
Depending upon caliber, the cylinder holds either 5, 6, 7, or 8, cartridges.
The Howa Type 96 automatic grenade launcher, is a Japanese automatic grenade launcher made by Howa since 1996.
LMT manufactures complete weapon systems such as the M4/AR-15 and the M203 grenade launcher.
It is based on the Chinese Type 90-II, which combined technologies from several Soviet and Western tanks.
The Beaumont–Adams revolver is a muzzle-loading, double-action, percussion revolver.
By 1918 the 75s became the main agents of delivery for toxic gas shells.
A fauchard is a type of polearm weapon, which was used in medieval Europe from the 11th through the 17th centuries.
42 hand grenade, produced by the Polish resistance organization Armia Krajowa in occupied Poland during World War II.
The third test launch of a prototype R-39M on 25 November 1998 resulted in a catastrophic failure of the SLBM's booster.
The weapon takes its name from the city of Bhuj in the Kachchh district of the state of Gujarat, where it originated.
Vishnu also carries a gada named Kaumodaki in one of his four hands.
It is essentially a target/police/military weapon, however with its caliber and inherent accuracy, it lends itself to hunting requiring longer distance shots.
Sayyad 2 is a mid-range, high altitude solid-fuel missile manufactured by Iran.
Reichsminister Fritz Todt declared that a new tank, 30 tons in weight should be designed and produced.
Very little information is available due to the secretive nature of the North Korean government.
It also had the ability to use 20 round magazines from Swedish type M1918 BARs.
In Wehrmacht service the gun was designated as 7.62 cm GebK 307(r).
A version armed with one or two 7.92mm Maxim 08/15 machine guns was also planned but progressed no farther than a project.
The British Royal Navy, Soviet Navy, and United States Navy had nuclear depth bombs in their arsenals at one point.
Currently this system is installed on Steregushchy class corvettes and will be utilised by the Admiral Sergei Gorshkov class frigate in the future.
This rate of fire made it extremely effective in providing suppressive fire, and its unique sound led to it being nicknamed "Hitler's buzzsaw".
The TOZ-17 is a Soviet bolt-action .22 Long Rifle made by the TOZ firearms company, intended for professional and amateur hunting and sport shooting.
The RPG-2 offered better range and armor penetration, making it useful against late and post-World War II tanks where the RPG-1 was of marginal use.
This makes it easy to locate any source of heat against its low temperature background.
In the 1st Airborne Brigade, it is used as its main anti-armor weapon.
Later models were produced in .30-06 Springfield, 7×57mm Mauser, and 8×50mmR Lebel.
It was previously held at the Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre and will be held at the same place again in 2015.
Mobarez meaning "Warrior" is a domestically produced upgraded version of the British Chieftain tank by Iran.
The AL-7 was considered too expensive for production at the time and the Soviet Army selected the AK-74 instead as the new service rifle.
The high rate of fire was needed for the small period of time when the gunner would be able to fire at an attacking aircraft.
The use of a bolt accelerator, an uncommon feature in a pistol, helped make the Lahti a reliable pistol.
The AGM-122 Sidearm was an American air-to-surface anti-radiation missile produced between 1986 and 1990.
It has a capacity for up to 6 casualties.
Ceremonial katar were also used in worship.
As of 2008, the Agni missile family comprises three deployed variants while two more variants are under testing:
The Lefaucheux M1854 was a French military revolver, chambered for the 12 mm pinfire cartridge, based on a design by Casimir Lefaucheux.
Bisons were used by the Royal Air Force to protect aerodromes and by the Home Guard.
Created as an expedient measure by the Canadian Army, Kangaroos were so successful that they were soon being used by British forces.
It carried the GRAU index 9K714 and was assigned the NATO reporting name SS-23 Spider.
W41 was the designation of an American nuclear warhead, which was investigated during the late 1950s.
WZ-551s have been exported to Algeria, Bosnia, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Pakistan and Senegal.
Two prototypes were completed in 1971–72 and differed only in their loading systems.
The Rotinoff Super Atlantic is a 6x4 ballast tractor made by the British company Rotinoff Motors Ltd.
The Remington Model 887 Nitro Mag is a pump-action shotgun manufactured by Remington Arms Company, Inc.
The mine detonated after a five to ten seconds delay, giving enough time for it to be thrown.
It was the rival of the Charleville musket of France and the Brown Bess of Great Britain and later the M1752 Musket of Spain.
Sarpac is a French manufactured recoilless individual 68 mm anti-tank/assault rocket weapon.
The unit cost of the projectile and launcher is reported to be extremely low.
The Lercker was introduced in 1950, but only about 150 of the guns were produced before production ended.
In the mythological story Fengshen Yanyi, the Immortal Taiyi gave Nezha a wind-wheel and a fire-wheel.
The vehicle uses a MAN chassis, axles and engine.
In an effort to restore battlefield mobility, various devices were invented to allow tanks to navigate the terrain.
Final delivery occurred 8 years later in August 2002.
In the case of the 85RU/URPK-5, the UGMT-1 torpedo is a multi-purpose torpedo and can be used against submarines as well as surface ships.
Although its armour penetration capabilities were poor, it was able to combat light armoured vehicles as late as 1939.
The FGM-148 Javelin is an American man-portable fire-and-forget anti-tank missile fielded to replace the M47 Dragon anti-tank missile in US service.
Companies from several nations, such as German Krauss-Maffei, Spanish Santa Bárbara, and French GIAT, made bids for the development contract.
The Trejo pistol has a blowback action with unlocked firing from a closed bolt.
The program was brief, considered at the same time as the TX-29, WX-15-X1 and XW-21 warheads.
The RG-19 Caddie is a prototype Armoured Personnel carrier manufactured by TFM of South Africa.
Its ingredients are PETN with nitrocellulose and a binder.
Walther has four different models of the SP22: the SP22 M1, SP22 M2, SP22 M3 and SP22 M4, as well as multiple accessories for customizing.
IDEX for the past several show have been held in the United Arab Emirates at Abu Dhabi and will again host in 2015.
Most Clansman radio equipment was built by Racal, Mullard Equipment Ltd and Plessey, although headsets and ancillaries were also produced by Amplivox, Marconi and others.
It appears that two new above missiles will be used like the Iranian S-300 SAM system Bavar-373 to cover various ranges and altitudes.
Vickers Defence Systems began to develop a successor to Challenger 1 as a private venture in 1986.
It either used a Beebee winch, a Holan Hoist, or a modified version of the Braden winch.
ATMOS 2000 is a 155 mm/52 calibre self-propelled artillery system manufactured by Israeli military manufacturer Soltam Systems.
The Walther LG400 is an air rifle first introduced in 2010 as the successor to the Walther LG300.
The Canon de 105 court modèle 1935 B was a French howitzer used in World War II.
A shobo is a weapon, similar to the Emeici of China, which was used by the ninja of Japan for striking pressure points on an opponent.
In 1934, an ANT-IV was delivered aboard the Smolensk to Ualen where it helped rescue remotely stranded explorers from the icebreaker Chelyuskin.
She served in the Aleutian Islands during World War II, sweeping enemy minefields at Attu and US minefields at Kiska, and patrolling out of Adak.
The word "karabela" does not have well-established etymology, and different versions are suggested.
Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons restricts usage of such weapon systems.
They dropped it, Bill said, because of a mistake by the marketing department.
The model 552 features a unique low profile left-side bolt handle that lends itself to a clean receiver appearance and slender profile.
The Nordenfelt gun was a multiple barrel organ gun that had a row of up to twelve barrels.
The Ordnance BL 6 inch 30cwt howitzer was a British medium howitzer used in the Second Boer War and early in World War I.
In the Soviet Union, the AVS was quickly marginalized and apparently withdrawn from service during 1941, though it saw brief service during World War II.
Their weapons were of a poorer quality than those made by Royal Small Arms Factory, Enfield, but accurately copied down to the proof markings.
The MSMC was designed to rectify the shortcomings of the previous developments.
These weapons are mechanically linked to a gunner’s day/night sighting system incorporating a Thermal Imager and Laser Rangefinder.
It was a smooth-bore, breech-loading design that used smokeless propellant.
The gun was designed for transport via a trailer towed by a vehicle.
The AMC is a high-mobility medium armoured vehicle.
Control system of it was designed at NPO "Electropribor".
It is manufactured at the Sarsılmaz Silah Sanayi factory in Turkey, sold in the U.S. by the ArmaLite corporation under the ArmaLite name as the AR-24.
The pistol is blowback operated and striker fired.
When used on a template redirect, it will automatically populate Category:Template redirects with possibilities.
Manufacture of the vehicle continued after the Anschluss.
The M109A6 Paladin needs only a crew of four: the commander, driver, gunner and an ammunition loader.
The pistol was mass-produced and many examples still exist today.
The grenade shell consists of two internally serrated aluminium hemispheres.
It has successfully breached more than six meters of concrete in tests carried out by the Brazilian army.
The vehicle weighs 22.5 tons fully loaded and carries 40 rounds of ammunition.
Only the very early examples are known to have a patchbox.
Carnwennan is exclusive to the Welsh traditions of Arthur.
The longrifle is an early example of a firearm using rifling.
The armored MOWAG 3M1 Pirat is a armored personal carrier of the company Mowag from Switzerland.
The commercial version has been named "White Feather" in honor of Carlos Hathcock, the U.S. Marine Corps sniper who became famous during the Vietnam War.
The vehicle carries the latest optical and digital-imaging and fire-control systems, enabling it to fight day and night and to fire on the move.
The FV180 Combat Engineer Tractor or C.E.T.
The Colt Model 1839 Carbine is an early percussion revolving smoothbore carbine manufactured by the Patent Arms Manufacturing Company between 1838 and 1841.
The Mare's Leg was the name given to a customized shortened rifle used by Steve McQueen's character on the television series Wanted: Dead or Alive.
The Saurer 4K 4FA is an Austrian armoured personnel carrier with caterpillar tracks.
Development was halted in 1941 but the project, also known as Erfurt, evolved into the V1.
It is now suggested that the JLTV will part-replace the HMMWV, not replacing it on a like-for-like basis.
The company states that the Ballista's design compares with the Remington MSR, the Armalite AR-30, and the Accuracy International AWM.
Upon Jones's death in 1956, millionaire Max Wyman purchased the yacht and renamed her the Wild Goose II.
The Astra A-60 is a double-action,single-action, semi-automatic pistol at one time produced in Spain by Astra-Unceta y Cia SA.
Many major parts are interchangeable with other standard Kalashnikov rifles.
Production delays meant that the first vehicle did not appear until mid-1941.
The second prototype used UZI magazines and had a three shot burst mechanism as well.
During the 1970s, they were replaced by the commercial truck based  1 1⁄4-ton M715 and M880 series.
It was the fastest American tracked armored vehicle until the turboshaft-powered M1 Abrams main battle tank appeared decades later.
There are over 100 variants of the MP5, including some semi-automatic versions.
                    
The MOAB was first dropped in combat in the 13 April 2017 airstrike against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants in Afghanistan.
It was produced by Lyttleton Engineering Works, now Denel Land Systems.
To reassemble the pistol, insert the barrel back in the slide.
The M777 is manufactured by BAE Systems' Global Combat Systems division.
The pens became well known for being deadly, although they looked innocuous.
The elephant warrior used the Ngao like a blade from atop an elephant or horse during battle.
The Wildey is a gas-operated, double-action/single-action pistol designed by Wildey J. Moore.
The advanced Scout and Vega launchers currently used by the European Space Agency derive their technological basis partially from Alfa studies.
The second prototype, as an SU-14-2, is on display at the Tank Museum in Kubinka.
The Saiga-12 is a 12-gauge shotgun available in a wide range of configurations, patterned after the Kalashnikov series of rifles and named for the Saiga antelope.
The standard model has a grade-A walnut stock and fore-end, blued receiver and barrels, a single trigger, and screw-in choke tubes.
The SIG MG 710-3 is a Swiss 7.62 mm general-purpose machine gun designed and manufactured by SIG - Schweizerische Industrie Gesellschaft.
According to MBDA, Meteor has three to six times the kinematic performance of current air-air missiles of its type.
The Cugir machine gun is a gas-operated rotating bolt-locking medium machine gun used by Romanian Land Forces.
The FV4034 Challenger 2 is a British main battle tank in service with the armies of the United Kingdom and Oman.
The 9M119 Svir and 9M119M Refleks are laser beam riding, guided anti-tank missiles developed in the former Soviet Union.
The gas tube runs backwards from the gas block in the front sight base and enters the gas key.
                    
Included Marlin accessories are a 7-round metal magazine, a tool for adjusting the barrel nut, and a padded nylon carrying case designed to float in water.
The S-75 Dvina is a Soviet-designed, high-altitude air defence system, built around a surface-to-air missile with command guidance.
The Tur was designed for intervention and patrol tasks behind front lines, especially equipped for operations in danger areas and has 5 person transport capacity.
The rifle uses three types of ammunition: .22 long, .22 short, and .22 long rifle.
K745 Chung Sang Eo torpedo is a light anti-submarine torpedo developed by the Republic of Korea Navy in 2004.
The gun was marketed and sold as the Beeman HW 77 in the American market.
It was the most produced Soviet pre-1941 heavy armored car – 3311 were built in three versions.
It is described as being of burnished steel, with a crystal embedded in a golden hilt.
The Navy made further improvements to the weapon, resulting in the Mod 3 in 1976.
the United States considers the exact operational range of its current SLBM, UGM-133 Trident II, as classified information as well.
Phoenix is described by the U.S. BATF as one of the "Ring of Fire" companies.
It was conceived as a temporary standoff missile for the B-52, to be used until the GAM-87 Skybolt air-launched ballistic missile was available.
The Abdali program was conceived and originally designed by the Space Research Commission in 1990s.
A new powerpack and improved transmission gave it higher speed than the Centurion despite being heavier due to major upgrades to armour protection and the armament.
However, a less elaborate version called Ambang is used as an everyday practical tool.
The design compromises made in fitting the large gun onto the Cromwell chassis resulted in a tank with a powerful weapon, but with less armour.
This shorter barrel makes the weapon significantly more compact, which makes it easier to use in and around vehicles and in tight confined spaces.
The Commando was eventually produced in three distinct marks: the V-100, V-150, and V-200, all of which were modified for a number of diverse battlefield roles.
The design of the Double Eagle was based on the Colt M1911 pistol.
The M9 Armored Combat Earthmover is a highly mobile armored tracked vehicle that provides combat engineer support to front-line forces.
The predicted impact point is the location that a ballistic projectile is expected to strike if fired.
The gun had high elevation angle and could be quickly dismantled for transporting by pack horses.
The S&W Model 910 was introduced in 1995 as a replacement for the Model 915 and was manufactured through 2006.
The weapon is currently manufactured at the FN facility in Herstal and their US subsidiary FN Manufacturing LLC.
The Canon de 155 L mle 1924 was a heavy gun used by Belgium during World War II.
The M1 was gradually replaced by the M1A1 in 1943.
The length of the vehicle was 34 feet 9 inches, the width 12 feet 6 inches and the height 10 feet 4.5 inches.
The canon de 16 Gribeauval was used extensively during the wars following the French Revolution, as well as the Napoleonic wars.
For transport the barrel was removed from the carriage by a crane and carried separately.
The CZ 527 Varmint was originally designed for American markets, though it has received worldwide recognition in light rifle and small bore competitions alike.
Two of the surviving weapons were relocated from the Philippines to Fort Casey in Washington state in the 1960s.
Being fed by a box magazine freed the design to use more powerful calibers with spitzer bullets.
This weapon is similar in function with Russian Kransnopol or American M712 Copperhead.
The rifles were initially made in .22, .32, .38, and .44 rimfire.
The Canon de 75 M(montagne) modèle 1919 Schneider was a French mountain gun designed as a replacement of the 65 mm mle 1906.
Babur is the first land attack cruise missile and the first submarine-launched cruise missile to be developed, manufactured and operationalized by Pakistan.
BTR-152s could carry a single infantry squad each, or specialist weapons teams along with their mortars and anti-tank equipment.
The LAV-600 also features low observability by minimizing of infrared, acoustic and seismic signatures.
It was the first 5.56 mm rifle produced by the Fabrique Nationale.
The missiles, derived from the M4, were produced by Aérospatiale.
It could be carried on the rear of a BTR-50 armoured personnel carrier.
From a more abstract point of view, swarm behaviour is the collective motion of a large number of self-propelled entities.
Various pharaohs are depicted with a khopesh, and some have been found in royal graves, such as the two examples found with Tutankhamun.
The Fajr-3 Artillery Rocket is an Iranian multiple-launch artillery rocket, a third-generation Katyusha rocket.
The term "M1A" is a proprietary title for Springfield Armory's M14-pattern rifle.
Development of the IMR-2 begun in 1970s completed in 1980, while commercial production commenced 1982.
The FT was the first production tank to have its armament within a fully rotating turret.
It is blowback-operated, rather than direct impingement-operated and is intended for recreational shooting and small game hunting.
It was the first Austrian howitzer to use a modern hydraulic variable-recoil system.
The HK 4 was designated "4" because the pistol had the ability to be modular in four calibers.
The ballistic limit equation for laminates, as derived by Reid and Wen is as follows:
The Mauser HSc was originally intended as a commercial pistol.
The tube was supported by two recoil-recuperators in a flask-rocker assembly that was mounted on a platform with six fixed spades.
It is also known under the designations MP 43 and MP 44.
It also featured a new ramrod, a case-hardened lock, a new hammer, and a redesigned bolster.
The Patriot system gained notoriety during the Persian Gulf War of 1991 with the claimed engagement of over 40 Iraqi Scud missiles.
Its use by the Illocanos have also been seen in various ancient records.
When triggered, these mines launch into the air and then detonate at about 0.9 meters.
77 Grenade was a British white phosphorus grenade introduced in September 1943 and used during the Second World War.
Its large payload capability allows additional armour to be added to the RG-35, which can offer protection of up to STANAG 4569 level 4.
The term macana, of Taíno origin, refers to various wooden weapons used by the various native cultures of Central and South America.
The BSA Meteor is a Break Barrel spring powered Air Rifle made in Birmingham UK by Birmingham Small Arms Company and first produced in 1959.
Because thermate burns at higher temperatures than ordinary thermite, it has military applications in cutting through tank armor or other hardened military vehicles or bunkers.
Ion cannons are actually particle cannons; only the particles used are ionized.
The Griffin missile has been recommended for use instead.
Its NATO reporting name was SS-20 Saber.
After its introduction, the system underwent significant development into an automated system similar to other US Navy missiles like the RIM-2 Terrier.
It was developed by increasing the length of the motor assembly and using improved propellants.
The XM29 OICW was a series of prototypes of a new type of assault rifle that fired 20 mm HE airbursting projectiles.
Largely ceremonial, it can be used much like the American tomahawk, both thrown for short distances and as a melee weapon in hand-to-hand combat.
A partisan is a type of polearm that was used in Europe in the Middle Ages.
The Cromwell first saw action in the Battle of Normandy in June 1944.
To increase reliability, the grenade had two blasting caps and two strikers.
Niabor is a curved sword from Borneo, a characteristic weapon of the Sea-Dayaks.
The Coyote Reconnaissance Vehicle is an armoured car built by General Dynamics Land Systems Canada for the Canadian Forces, for use in the light reconnaissance role.
Their fields of fire incorporate the beaten zone.
The gun is also lightweight, weighing 10.5 lbs at its lightest, which makes it easy to use with a bipod or large scope.
The cutting edge was only on the convex side of the blade, unlike the guisarme and bills.
There are only two surviving vehicles, both in private hands in Poland.
In 2012 Thales rebranded the system under the ForceSHIELD banner.
It was sold through distributor Lew Horton in the 1980s.
The average soldier could throw it 40 meters or farther.
The shell of the No 69 grenade was composed entirely of the hard plastic, Bakelite, which shattered without producing fragments like a metal bodied grenade.
The BvS 10 is an All Terrain Armoured Vehicle produced by BAE Systems Land Systems Hägglunds of Sweden and under license by FNSS of Turkey.
The General Tactical Vehicles JLTV Eagle was one of six competitors for a Joint Light Tactical Vehicle that will replace the Humvee.
Jagdpanzer,, is a name given to German self-propelled anti-tank guns.
Demmin notes the existence of other sword blades of the early 16th century bearing runic calendars in Berlin, Vienna, Paris, Munich, Graz and Luxembourg.
The rifle was abandoned when the Steyr AUG was adopted for use by the Australian military.
The HOT became initially operational with the German and French armies fitted to specialized armored antitank vehicles.
It developed in 1939, and consisted of a one gallon gasoline can filled with 9.9 lbs of mustard gas agent.
The improved M1A1 weighed less, at 65 lb, had a much longer range of 45 meters, had the same fuel tank capacity, and fired thickened fuel.
The MMN-1 is a small Georgian Claymore type directional anti-personnel fragmentation mine.
Designed to hit targets out to 60 km, the bomb may be able to evade radar.
The Vickers T-15 light tank, full designation Char Léger de Reconnaissance Vickers-Carden-Loyd Mod.1934 T.15, was a light 4-ton tank of the Belgian Army.
Contestants were expected to knock the prize off to win.
At the end of June 2015, it was reported that the production schedule for the first prototype of the Sarmat was slipping.
Mounted on top of the receiver is a standard Weaver-type rail, for mounting scopes.
However, it lost to the licence produced H&K G3 known as the Ak 4.
The Knötgen automatic rifle is a two barrel automatic rifle of German origin.
Being a towed weapon an external form of mobility was required, usually an AT-S Medium or AT-T Heavy tracked artillery tractor.
The Jagdpanther was a tank destroyer built by Nazi Germany during World War II based on the chassis of the Panther tank.
Following the standard practice of the time, it was adapted from an existing infantry rifle.
The NSVT version is used on the T-72, T-64 and T-80 tanks.
Budgetary constraints due to choices like building the Maginot Line led to the delay of adoption of these new arms except for the LMG 1924.
It never entered mass production, because the Army bought 330 of the dump trucks D from Adolph Saurer.
The Karabinek wz.29 was a Polish bolt-action short rifle based on the German Kar98AZ.
The weapon was originally intended as an agricultural implement.
Surviving examples in German service were rebarreled postwar as the 7.5 cm FK 16 nA.
They were purchased and intended for operation by the Canadian Forces Primary Reserve, but were rapidly appropriated by the regular force of the Canadian Army.
A revised gas-operated weapon was designed and built to try and solve these problems.
The CY-1 is a Chinese anti-submarine rocket carried on a variety of surface platforms, including the Luda class missile destroyers and Jiangwei class missile frigates.
Later Mk IVAs were built with the complete extra armour.
It was developed as a private venture by the Austrian company Steyr-Daimler-Puch Spezialfahrzeuge and is currently in production for the Portuguese Armed Forces.
The Morris CS9/Light Armoured Car was a British armoured car used by the British Army in the Second World War.
The Crocodile was introduced as one of the specialised armoured vehicles developed under Major-General Percy Hobart, informally known as "Hobart's Funnies".
The Heckler & Koch MK 23, MK 23 MOD 0, Mark 23, or USSOCOM MARK 23, is a semi-automatic large-frame pistol chambered in .45 ACP.
It is one of the first indigenously designed assault rifles in the continent.
The Mk-144 Guided Missile Launcher unit weighs 5,777 kilograms and stores 21 missiles.
The M551 "Sheridan" AR/AAV was a light tank developed by the United States and named after Civil War General Philip Sheridan.
The devices were sometimes made additionally dangerous by attaching mines to the log.
The missile was known as the "RB-304" during development and early service years.
The blade of the kaskara was usually about a yard long, double edged and with a spatulate tip.
It is considered a very accurate anti-aircraft artillery system, having a documented hit percentage of 52.44%.
Both were assembled in the Izhorsky Factory near Leningrad.
It was initially scheduled for fielding by 2008.
McGlashan designed the guns to look and feel like the FN Model 1903 Semi-automatic pistol.
However, this program was canceled by Congress and the M136 AT4 was adopted instead.
A kinetic energy hit minimizes the risk of exploding conventional warhead ballistic missiles, and nuclear tipped ballistic missiles will not detonate upon a kinetic energy hit.
This weapon was a three-barrel 12-inch mortar with the mortars mounted in series but off-bore from each other in order to scatter the projectiles.
The prototype was built by Skoda as the 22 cm sGrW B 14, but was redesigned to 21 cm at OKH's request to use existing ammunition.
The 8 inch M110 self-propelled howitzer was the largest available self-propelled howitzer in the United States Army's inventory.
VI or another marks being used during World War II.
Imports has been banned for several years now but are used in Europe by numerous security forces.
It has occasionally been sold with a factory fitted hard case, or with scope mounting grooves on the receiver.
False alarms can waste resources expensively and can even be dangerous.
The Marlin 39A represents the oldest and longest continuously produced shoulder firearm in the world.
Development of the weapon began in 1974 under the supervision of Colonel José María Jiménez Alfaro.
The mine is detonated when the pressure plate collapses by the action of a vehicle.
The program's first derivative was originally designed as the two-stage version of the Hatf-I, essentially a solid-propellant stage was attached to the bottom of a Hatf-I.
Like its predecessor, it is available in several versions for civilian, law enforcement and military use.
High Standard target pistols are manufactured in a variety of models in .22 Short and .22 Long Rifle chamberings for use in competition.
The Dongfeng-41, is a Chinese solid-fueled road-mobile intercontinental ballistic missile.
Norinco also revealed a further-developed advanced version of the HJ-9A, designated HJ-9B.
The Savage 10FP is similar to the Savage 110FP rifles and differ only in the action lengths and in the calibers used.
Later, the prototypes were kept on display in the Aberdeen Proving Ground until they were destroyed in 1947.
The HK33 is a 5.56mm assault rifle developed in the 1960s by West German armament manufacturer Heckler & Koch GmbH, primarily for export.
The Crosman 2100B is an American-made pneumatic Air Gun that is manufactured for small game hunting, large and small pest control, and target shooting.
The Steyr HS .50 is a .50 BMG single-shot anti-materiel sniper rifle manufactured by Steyr Mannlicher.
The prototype was prepared in less than two weeks in the Gerlach i Pulsing works in Warsaw.
The bomb's weight was about 250 kg, from which its designation was derived.
The K2/Y could take ten casualties sitting or four stretcher cases.
Forty-eight M45 are in commission in the Force océanique stratégique, the submarine nuclear deterrent component of the French Navy.
TALHA is an all terrain, amphibious infantry support vehicle with 12.7 mm machine gun as its main armament.
The TMA-4 is a circular plastic cased Yugoslavian minimum metal anti-tank blast mine.
It was created to provide a better handling and better protected armoured vehicle than the M113.
The Arizona State Mine Inspector is the inspector of active and inactive mines in the state of Arizona, in the United States.
Shtora is an electro-optical active protection system or suite for tanks, designed to disrupt the laser target designation and rangefinders of incoming anti-tank guided missiles.
It was nicknamed the Ruck-Zu(rü)ck by Austrian troops and "Ta-Pum" by Italian troops who even wrote a song about it during World War I.
It was an improved variant of the T-80B, with seven road wheels.
The United States Air Force purchased the Sidewinder after the missile was developed by the United States Navy at China Lake, California.
It came about when William B. Ruger wanted to introduce a high quality but affordable American made over and under shotgun to the US shooting public.
The wire guidance of MILAN would also have been problematic in the built up areas of Berlin.
It holds six shots of ammunition and was sold by Colt from 1950 until 1981.
The Modele 1884 was one of the few heavy guns that could be deployed without the need for rail carriage.
The XM1111 Mid-Range Munition was a 120 mm precision guided munition developed for the Rheinmetall 120mm Gun used by several Western tanks.
Due to its relative ease of manufacture, the spear in many variations was ubiquitous on the pre-modern Chinese battlefield.
The FN FAL, is a battle rifle designed by Dieudonné Saive and Ernest Vervier and manufactured by Fabrique Nationale d'Herstal.
The T95 was an American prototype medium tank developed from 1955 to 1959.
Its first flight test was in 1954 and was deployed by the United States Army beginning in 1959, despite being still in the development stage.
The name FAMARS is an acronym for Fabbrica Armi di Mario Abbiatico e Remo Salvinelli.
The Type 89, also known as the PLZ89, self-propelled howitzer was developed in late 1980s.
Terne II: Development and construction of a landbased ASW for naval defense.
The round is identical to that which is used in the C7, C8 and the C9 and as such will have similar ballistics.
The GIAT 30 is a series of 30 mm cannon developed to replace the DEFA 550 series weapons on French military aircraft.
They largely exceeded the heaviest guns fielded by the Army, which were 24-pounder long guns.
A laser radar illuminates the targets, determines their range, and matches their 3-D geometry with pre-loaded signatures.
The rifle was developed by FN Herstal for the United States Special Operations Command to satisfy the requirements of the SCAR competition.
The NSV has been manufactured in Bulgaria, India, Poland and Yugoslavia under license.
The first French artillery designed since World War II, it was manufactured in both France and under license in Sweden for the Swedish armed forces.
Lieutenant Colonel Nicolas Lebel contributed a flat nosed 8 mm full metal jacket bullet.
It was standardized as 8 inch Howitzer M1 in 1940.
The 3 inch Gun M5 was an anti-tank gun developed in the United States during World War II.
The M3 was commonly referred to as the "Grease Gun" or simply "the Greaser," owing to its visual similarity to the mechanic's tool.
Built by Krupp to satisfy an order by the Brazilian Army some 64 were delivered before the war began.
As each section of the anti-tank minefield was completed, several of the barrels would be fired.
Although it was advertised in 1984–1985, it never entered production due to unresolved mechanical and production issues.
After several prototypes were built, the plan was set aside in 1974.
The field carriage relied on chock blocks and a rope brake device to absorb the gun's recoil.
Grooves of different depths could be used to vary the range.
The FV104 Samaritan is the British Army armoured ambulance variant of the CVR(T) family.
The PPG tankette, also known by the prototype name Obiekt 217, was a Soviet tankette produced for fighting in Finland.
Originally the RPG-7 and its predecessor, the RPG-2, were designed by the Soviet Union; it is now manufactured by the Russian company Bazalt.
It was procured initially by the navy soon followed by the Army and police.
Both models had a six-round ammunition capacity.
At 18.5 tonnes, 5m length, it was designed as an airborne/airdropped replacement for the 5 tonnes heavier M41 Walker Bulldog.
It likely equipped Artillerie-Abteilungen 767 and 768, which were the only Heer battalions to field 21 cm guns during the war.
Developed from the 1860 Henry rifle, Winchester rifles were among the earliest repeaters.
Preliminary tests showed that the idea was feasible, with an early prototype throwing an eighteen-pound steel weight nearly 100 yards.
NASAMS was the first surface-based application for the AIM-120 AMRAAM.
The U-94 UDAR is a police weapon designed and developed by the KBP Instrument Design Bureau in the early 1990s and first manufactured in 1994.
The D-1 is widely considered a valuable element of Soviet artillery.
No prototype of the planned Lince tank was manufactured, and no announcements were made on who would receive the contract.
The number of charges carried varies by design - the GSh-6-23 has a generous complement of ten, while others have as few as one.
The Nambu pistols were a series of semi-automatic pistols produced by the Japanese company Koishikawa Arsenal later known as the Tokyo Artillery Arsenal.
A dozen guns were transferred by the Norwegian government to Finland during the Winter War and were used by them during the Continuation War as well.
The armoured plating was handmade out of scrapped German armoured trench shields, and attached to the chassis by bolts.
Today, the AVS-36 is a rare collector's item; most of the remaining rifles in existence are in Finland.
They delivered a 200 lb shell to 12,300 yards.
It was an enlarged copy of the American bazooka.
Engineer and Ambulance variants are in development.
It is being replaced as the service rifle of the French military by the HK416F.
Solothurn was owned by the German firm Rheinmetall, which at the time was prohibited from developing certain weapons.
The rifle was chambered in the contemporary .303 British service cartridge, and held five rounds in an internal magazine.
The TOS-1 was shown for the first time in public in 1999 in Omsk.
O-I was the name given to a proposed series of Japanese super-heavy tanks, to be used in the Pacific Theater.
It remains in service with reserve units in gun battalions attached to motorized infantry and armoured divisions.
It may also be capable of guiding laser-guided munitions to their targets.
                  2
The Landstad revolver was an automatic revolver of Norwegian origin.
The BM-21 "Grad", is a Soviet truck-mounted 122 mm multiple rocket launcher.
Although technically successful, it initially lacked the pinpoint accuracy required for bunker targets.
The THAAD system is being designed, built, and integrated by Lockheed Martin Space Systems acting as prime contractor.
The 2S9 NONA is an extremely light-weight self-propelled and air-droppable 120 mm mortar designed in the Soviet Union that entered service in 1981.
B as it was based on a lengthened Tiger II chassis.
The 21 cm Nebelwerfer 42 was a German multiple rocket launcher used in the Second World War.
A GPMG may also be fitted to create an effective mobile fire support platform.
The Semmerling LM4 is a five-shot, manual repeating double-action pistol designed for backup purposes.
Selecting how deeply the dual-sided nut sits in the receiver controls how tightly the barrel fits against the receiver when it is attached.
Hwasong-10 resembles the shape of the Soviet Union's R-27 Zyb submarine-launched missile, but is slightly longer.
The REVA Armoured Personnel Carrier is a mine-protected vehicle.
ShKAS was used in the majority of Soviet fighters and bombers and served as the basis for the ShVAK cannon.
These grew out of the last all-gun destroyers of the 1950s.
It was type classified in September 1971.
The RPG-43 was a high explosive anti-tank hand grenade used by the Soviet Union during the Second World War.
                      e
Other vehicles, including an APC based on the company's Milicar truck chassis and a jeep-type 4x4 vehicle do not seem to have passed the design stage.
                    ρ
The reason for this is the bullet diameter difference of 7.85 mm in the 7.62×53mmR versus 7.92 mm in the 7.62×54mmR.
It is based on the AK-100 series, which is a modernization series of Kalashnikov assault rifles.
She was the second ship of the Prinz Adalbert class.
The first AN-11 prototype was tested 1 May 1962, and it entered service in 1964.
The Lancia 1Z was a light military truck produced by Italian manufacturer Lancia between 1912 and 1916.
As part of the rebuild, the magazine and the repeating mechanism were removed, and the handguard and barrel were shortened.
The Rk 95 Tp is a more modern, improved version of the Rk 62.
However, according to Ishii's daughter Harumi, he stayed in Japan, where he died of throat cancer at the age of 67.
The M41 Walker Bulldog was an American light tank developed for armed reconnaissance purposes.
The vehicle is based on the M113-A2-Mk.1 APC.
The missile was almost identical to the previous generation of the Fateh-110 missile.
The Sturmgeschütz III assault gun was Germany's most-produced armoured fighting vehicle during World War II.
The test prototypes of the tank were evaluated in 1993.
A closed-top design would have been preferable, but this was not possible due to the heavy smoke generated by the gun.
Colonel William Dundas designed the 112 cwt version in 1841 and it was cast the following year.
There is an operational test version of the system at the test site in Sary Shagan, Kazakhstan.
Thereafter, any attempt to disarm the mine by unscrewing the pressure plate will automatically trigger detonation.
After World War II this gun was used by the Indonesian Army in the Indonesian National Revolution.
until 2013, when the factory was closed.
Unlike most Remington rifles, the Model Four spells out the number and is marketed as the Model Four not the Model 4.
The Martel was suited to anti-ship attack with its long range and heavy warhead.
The nearer equivalent could have been the Ho-103.
The project costs about SG$100 million to maintain.
The BAU-23x2 module can also be mounted on other armoured vehicles like the BTR-70 or Ratel IFV.
Civilians models in semi-automatic are used for hunting, plinking, target shooting and competitions including metallic silhouette, 3 gun and metal challenge.
In 1927 Vollmer also obtained a patent covering the breech mechanism of the weapon.
The 13.5 cm Kanone 09 was a heavy breech-loading field artillery gun used by Germany in World War I.
Small lots were sold to the Boers during the Boer War.
The 2B14 was designed in early 1980s as a light indirect fire weapon for the use of airborne and other light infantry forces.
The chassis consists of the car bonnet, frame, three-axle drive, bonneted frame and chassis.
It is named after the Australian native dog, the dingo.
Its official designation was the L/12, Type M-Gerät 14 Kurze Marine-Kanone.. Its barrel diameter calibre was 42 cm
The Fliegerfaust, also known as the "Luftfaust", was a prototype unguided, man-portable, German multi-barreled ground-to-air rocket launcher, designed to destroy enemy ground attack planes.
With the popularity of the air guns, they began producing them for sale.
It was produced by Perm Works, with a total of about 200 pieces having been built.
It is one of the cheapest PCP air rifles available in the market.
It is chambered for the 5.56×30mm MINSAS cartridge.
The M67 was primarily used for mop-up style operations.
The 7,5 cm leichtes Infanteriegeschütz 18 was an infantry support gun of the German Wehrmacht used during World War II.
It is named after the Carantanian duke Valuk.
The TKB-09 was a Soviet delayed blowback assault rifle chambered in 5.45×39mm.
The M197 electric cannon is a three-barreled electric Gatling-type rotary cannon used by the United States military.
The Type 2 20 mm AA machine cannon was a Japanese-designed anti-aircraft gun, based on the German Flak 38.
The Model 1877 was offered in three calibers, which lent them three unofficial names: the "Lightning", the "Thunderer", and the "Rainmaker".
It is most commonly associated with Viking Age Scandinavians.
There are versions of this knife worn by men or for daily use.
It was the first standard-issue semi-automatic military rifle.
The triangulation method is safer as there is nothing transmitted towards the target as in the laser rangefinder case.
The kujang is a blade weapon native to the Sundanese people of western Java, Indonesia.
The Sugiura pistol is a Japanese-designed handgun that was manufactured in the puppet state of Manchukuo for issue to occupying forces.
The M2 Half Track Car was a half-track armored vehicle produced by the United States during World War II.
There was no significant order, except for the delivery of a training battery to Japan and thus no larger order.
Some vehicles were used in World War II, despite being obsolete at the time.
When Sardius went out of business, Technical Consulting International obtained the licence to produce the M36.
The Red Dean was an air-to-air missile developed by the United Kingdom in the 1950s but cancelled before development was complete.
The APC had a 320 hp engine and a weight of 14.8 tons.
Development began in 2009 and was cancelled in 2012.
The MBT-70 was a 1960s German-U.S. joint project to develop a new main battle tank, which was to be equipped with a number of advanced features.
The Expeditionary tank was a United States light tank developed for the Armored Gun System competition in the 1980s by Teledyne Vehicle Systems.
The system improved the vehicle's survivability rate, increasing it by up to 80%.
A fuze is fitted to a central fuze well on the top of the mine.
The Vzor 45, commonly known as CZ 45 is a compact blowback operated semi-automatic pistol chambered in .25 ACP.
It was developed in the late 1980s by TsNIITochMash and manufactured by the Tula Arsenal.
The liquid stream is a spray pattern and has a maximum effective range of up to 4 metres.
The M72 LAW is a portable one-shot 66-mm unguided anti-tank weapon.
The 210 mm gun M1939) was a Czechoslovak heavy siege gun used by the Soviet Union during World War II.
134 were in service in 2008, reduced to 117 in 2015.
The Kel-Tec P-32 is a sub-compact semi-automatic pistol using the short-recoil principle of operation that is chambered in .32 ACP.
The M1 weighed 72 lb, had a range of 15 meters, and had a fuel tank capacity of five gallons.
The pressure plate is smaller than the earlier Tellermine 35, which increases the mine's resistance to blast.
The weapon was usually serviced by a crew of five.
It was produced under license in Spain by the arsenal of A Coruña under the designation M41/44.
The Corvo is a bladed weapon typically used in Chile.
The Wiesel Armoured Weapons Carrier is a German light air-transportable armoured fighting vehicle, more specifically a lightly armoured weapons carrier.
"8 cwt" and "6 cwt" refers to the weight of the gun to differentiate it from other 9 pounder guns.
It was designed by a team under Sotiris Sofianopoulos and was proposed to the Greek Army in 1975.
The Hwasong-5 is a North Korean tactical ballistic missile derived from the Soviet R-17 Elbrus missile.
The initial order was for up to 100 and it was announced on June 27, 2008 that the MOD would be ordering a further 72.
The RBR-120 mm M90 is a light-weight, single-use, unguided anti-tank rocket launcher.
It is to be powered by twin tilting ducted fans and have its own power system, fuel, digital flight controls, and remote command-and-control interfaces.
It is also known under its industrial designation, the WZ-211.
The system can be considered as an example of asymmetric warfare being used on a complex battlefield.
The G5 design was based on the Canadian GC-45 155mm gun which was highly modified to suit southern African conditions.
He moved to Billings, Missouri in 1967.
The Char D2 was a French tank of the interwar period.
24s when it declared its independence from Czechoslovakia in March 1939.
Some guns may have served on coastal defence duties.
The Type 92 10 cm Cannon was a field gun used by the Imperial Japanese Army during the Second Sino-Japanese War and World War II.
The Halcón M-1943 is a submachine gun of Argentine origin and is chambered in both 9×19mm Parabellum for the Army and .45 ACP for police forces.
250 was a light armoured halftrack, very similar in appearance to the larger Hanomag-designed Sd.Kfz.
At the end of testing the rotary-drum model was put into production.
The tooling and design were later sold to Egypt, and the Hakim was produced there during the 1950s and early 1960s.
The case sides and ends sprung open, allowing the bomblets to fall out.
Usually, this spike was slightly curved downwards, much like a miner's pickaxe.
Different versions of the Tornado with various weapons were tested.
About 300 AVS-36 examples were captured by the Finns; some were used by their new owners.
The M56 submachine gun is a Yugoslavian submachine gun chambered in 7.62×25mm Tokarev, designed for use with the Yugoslav People's Army.
The Bradley is designed to transport infantry or scouts with armor protection, while providing covering fire to suppress enemy troops and armored vehicles.
An ōtsuchi is a large wooden war mallet used by the samurai class of feudal Japan.
By September 1943, effective methods of torpedo deployment were beginning to be distributed to all U.S. destroyers.
It used the suspension, tracks and diesel engine of the Type 73 Armored Personnel Carrier.
1996 Mini-Beryl is a Polish compact assault rifle derived from the kbs wz.
They are designed and manufactured by Armscor in Marikina, Philippines, and distributed in the United States by Armscor USA, located in Pahrump, Nevada.
Fourteen complete crews, except for one crewman who was killed in action, returned either to the United States or to American forces.
He is considered a leading proponent of tech house, a fusion of house and techno music and has been credited with coming up with the genre.
Approximately 9,000 were produced between 1938 and 1945, making it one of the more numerous German tactical vehicles of the war.
With this modification it could fire the new mine shell, but accidentally using the heavier MG FF ammo could damage the gun.
None were reported to have seen combat.
German Sport Guns produces its own line of accessories, including retractable stocks and railed handguards.
The T48 is a battle rifle tested by the U.S. military in the mid 1950s during trials to find a replacement for the M1 Garand.
It has gone through several generations of development.
Apparently, it will receive the NATO designation SS-30 Satan 2 when operational.
Overall it was put into tests and not purchased by Polish Army.
They had possibly the longest, most varied and successful service history of any British heavy ordnance.
The M816 Medium Wrecker is part of the M809 series of 5-ton 6x6 military trucks.
The M27 recoilless rifle was a 105-mm weapon developed in the early 1950s and fielded in the Korean War.
The exterior was mainly made from painted canvas.
It was of conventional design, and was virtually a scaled-up 8 cm GrW 34.
The FEG AP9 is a semi-automatic pistol designed and manufactured by the FÉG company of Hungary.
The missile was also produced outside the US in Western Europe, Japan and Iran.
Another legend, written about Curtana itself, claims that it, Durendal, and Charlemagne's Joyeuse are a set of three, leaving Almace's origins unexplained.
It features a synthetic pistol grip compared to the original version.
Similar to the Lucerne hammer, it consists of a modified hammer's head and spike mounted atop a long pole.
The BAR saw extensive service in both World War II and the Korean War and saw limited service in the Vietnam War.
They were based on Opel, Mercedes-Benz, Alfa-Romeo or Ford trucks.
The Remington also has a restyled grip frame that incorporates a larger beavertail.
Unlike the Flak 38, the light carriage is not designed for high towing speeds.
It spearheaded many offensives by the Western Allies after 1942.
The BM-24 is a multiple rocket launcher designed in the Soviet Union.
Manufacture was discontinued at the end of the war.
Oshkosh's L-ATV was selected as the winner of the JLTV program on 25 August 2015.
After naval service during World War II, she became a private yacht.
The Armstrong RBL 40 pounder gun was introduced into use in 1860 for service on both land and sea.
The breech would then be closed once the next round was loaded and the gun was then ready to fire.
PPS pistols manufactured by Walther in Ulm, Germany are imported to the United States through Walther Arms.
Komatsu's factory designator for the vehicle is KU50W.
The overall weapon has a cylindrical body.
The vehicle was first fitted with the Greyhound's 37mm main gun, and subsequently, a French turret adopted from the Panhard AML-90.
The rifle was extensively tested by other nations, but none adopted it.
It represented an important step in weapons technology during the Cold War.
Allegedly, the Czechoslovak military authorities sold five and a half thousand surplus vz.
Entering production in 1941, it quickly gained a reputation for accuracy and a powerful punch.
The Katamari series is a video game franchise created by Keita Takahashi and developed and published by Namco.
The percussion cap system was much more reliable and weatherproof than the flintlock system used on the Model 1812.
He led the team that made the first crossing of the Greenland interior in 1888, traversing the island on cross-country skis.
In Swedish service the system soldiered on until 1982 when the Östergötland-class destroyers were decommissioned.
The PGM 338, also known as the PGM .338 LM or PGM Mini-Hecate .338, is a French-designed and manufactured sniper rifle.
The carriage has two wheels and when raised the gun has a 360° traverse.
The Ordnance QF 75 mm, abbreviated to OQF 75 mm, was a British tank-gun of the Second World War.
The PGM Ultima Ratio is intended to fulfill an anti-personnel role and is produced by PGM Précision of France.
The M1 rifle was named after its Canadian-American designer, John Garand.
The RPG has been used in almost all conflicts across all continents since the mid-1960s from the Vietnam War to the early 2010s War in Afghanistan.
The driver's station and crew compartment form an integral safety cell providing protection against improvised explosive devices, projectiles, missiles and mines.
MOWAG was not able to keep the production for the Trojans so long unused.
"FROG" is a backronym for "Free Rocket Over Ground".
22, which had been licensed from Mauser.
The X-Bolt Rifle is a bolt-action rifle designed by the American Browning Arms Company.
The Type 96 or ZTZ-96 is a Chinese third generation main battle tank.
The HS.404 is an autocannon originally designed and produced by Hispano-Suiza.
          
The new weapon is to replace several smaller types of nuclear bombs in its arsenal.
The QF 3.7-inch AA was Britain's primary heavy anti-aircraft gun during World War II.
The barrel was equipped with a large muzzle brake to reduce recoil.
The export name for this variant is the AIMS-74.
The G6, sometimes denoted as the G6 Rhino, is a South African mine-protected self-propelled howitzer.
The Skoda 150 mm Model 1918 was a heavy mountain howitzer, manufactured by Skoda Works.
The Puma uses the hull of the Sho't, which is itself a modified British Centurion tank.
The Colt AR-15 is a lightweight, 5.56×45mm, magazine-fed, gas-operated semi-automatic rifle.
M-84AS is sometimes referred to as M-84AB1 and M-2001.
The Hyundai Rotem company made the KW1 Scorpion in competition with the Doosan Black Fox and Samsung Techwin MPV, and eventually won the competition.
ESSM is designed to counter supersonic maneuvering anti-ship missiles.
The M60 recoilless gun is an 82-mm antitank recoilless gun developed in the former Yugoslavia.
The M38 windshield could be folded flat for firing and the body was equipped with a pintle hook for towing and lifting shackles front and rear.
In addition, the pistol uses an internal plastic buffer to reduce the battering effects of recoil on the alloy frame.
The Mark 50 torpedo is a U.S. Navy advanced lightweight torpedo for use against fast, deep-diving submarines.
The Sportmaster 121 has a 25" barrel, a one piece hardwood stock, and a blued metal finish.
The Cobray Company was an American developer and manufacturer of sub-machine guns and automatic carbines, handguns and shotguns as well as non-lethal 37 mm launchers.
The Atlas missile's warhead was over 100 times more powerful than the bomb dropped over Nagasaki in 1945.
It is chambered in .380 ACP and is rated to accept +P ammunition.
It was rumoured the tank would be called Karna, after one of the heroes of the Indian epic The Mahabharata.
The War of 1812 revealed many weaknesses in the earlier Model 1795 Musket.
With the rising popularity of the LCR, in December 2011 Ruger announced the new Ruger LCR 22 chambered in .22 LR with eight round capacity.
A man catcher is an esoteric type of pole weapon which was used in Europe as late as the 18th century.
Peugeot did not have a licence to export the vehicle anywhere else than to the countries bound to France by defence agreements.
The original version seems to generally have left service after the war, with only Italy retaining a few in service.
Specifically, "Colt Commando" currently refers to the ultrashort 10.5 barrel of the model 609 and 11.5-inch barrel assault rifle of the Model 733 series.
The gun was nonetheless adopted by the Regio Esercito and saw some use alongside the Fiat-Revelli Modello 14 and the Maxim guns.
The mortar was developed in 1934 for the purpose of defending permanent military bases.
For example, since visible light has a wavelength scale on the order of hundreds of nanometers, scattering centers will have dimensions on a similar spatial scale.
It mounts two M40 106 mm recoilless rifles as its main armament.
Type 89 refers to two unrelated Imperial Japanese Army aircraft machine guns.
MLVM is a Romanian armoured personnel carrier.
The tank first entered service in 1979 and succeeded the earlier Leopard 1 as the main battle tank of the German Army.
The M29 Weasel was a World War II tracked vehicle, built by Studebaker, designed for operation in snow.
The two-missile salvo is intended to either defeat active protection systems or to ensure a single tank's destruction in the absence of an active protection system.
The Polaris missile was gradually replaced on 31 of the 41 original SSBNs in the US Navy by the MIRV-capable Poseidon missile beginning in 1972.
The BK90 is also commonly known as DWS 39 Mjölner because it was intended for use with the Saab JAS 39 Gripen.
As of 2014 a carbine was valued at approximately USD $900 to 1,000, depending on condition.
Both weapons were destroyed by premature detonations of shells in their barrels.
The Vickers 10 inch naval gun was used on battleships and armoured cruisers built during the first decade of the 20th century.
These tanks replaced the M47s and M48s, and fulfilled Spain's need to modernize its tank forces in the short term.
During the Age of Sail, brigs were seen as fast and maneuverable and were used as both naval warships and merchant vessels.
A few Stevens Model 69R shotguns also saw service during the Vietnam War.
The submunitions could be armed with delayed-fuses, meaning that workcrews run the risk of death or bodily injury as they worked on runway repair.
This change reduces the weight of the mine considerably while allowing it to carry a slightly larger main charge
Pansarsprängvinggranat m/94 STRIX is a Swedish endphase-guided projectile fired from a 120 mm mortar currently manufactured by Saab Bofors Dynamics.
The bolt is of the "telescoped", or "wrap-around" type, with most of its mass being in front of the breech face.
Friedrich Carl was built in Blohm & Voss shipyard in Hamburg.
The Flyer Advanced Light Strike Vehicle platform configurations are the Flyer 72 and the narrower Flyer 60.
The former, was known in Hungarian service as the M1937.
It is a lightweight weapon of reduced overall length achieved by largely extending the wrap around bolt forward around the barrel.
They were not infantry support weapons but rather a form of special artillery.
Its entire hull, tail and middle wing are made of high-quality composite materials.
Brown Besses saw service in the First Opium War and during the Indian rebellion of 1857.
The automatic rifle version with selective fire produced for Belgium was known as the AFN.
The XK12 was first shown to the public in 2009, during the Seoul ADEX International Aerospace and Defense Exhibition.
It is fed by a 10-round detachable box magazine situated behind the trigger in bullpup configuration.
The Dreyse Model 1907 is a semi-automatic pistol designed by Louis Schmeisser.
Each barrel contained 18 Ranger mines, for a total of 1296 mines.
It is based on the M16A2/A4, and its handguard has a distinctive squared-off shape, vertical grip, carrying handle and integrated bipod.
Unlike the standard AR-15 configuration which uses a gas-tube system, the AR-57 cycles via straight blowback.
The ADR-8 was an unguided electronic countermeasures rocket developed by Tracor for use by the United States Air Force.
"Artificial weather technologies do not currently exist.
The weapon could use one of two cartridges: the 7.62×51mm NATO and the 8.58×71 mm.
The 10mm Auto is a rimless automatic pistol cartridge so moon clips are used to hold cartridges when loading and extracting spent cases en bloc.
The Aerial Reconfigurable Embedded System is a concept for an unmanned VTOL flight module that can transport various payloads.
In April 1945, the Mark 29 program was discontinued.
Some 25,000 were produced by Lithgow from 1962–73.
The INSAS assault rifle is the standard infantry weapon of the Indian Armed Forces.
The MRAD is based on the Barrett 98B with a number of modifications and improvements.
Development began in 1942, and the weapon first entered service with the Australian Army the next year.
It is being superseded by the Kh-31.
"2К12" is the GRAU designation of the system.
It was often nicknamed the "elephant gun" by its users due to its size and large bore.
The DSR-Precision DSR-50 is a bullpup bolt-action sniper and anti-materiel rifle developed and manufactured by DSR-Precision GmbH of Germany and chambered in .50 BMG.
The armored car No.1 was used in by General John Pershing’s 1916 Pancho Villa Expedition in Columbus, New Mexico for training.
It was 23 ft 5 in in length and 21 inches in diameter.
A fire in 1841 at the Tower of London destroyed many muskets before they could be converted.
They would then float down on their parachutes.
The wheels were removed when in position to fire.
The topic described by this title may be more detailed than is currently provided on the target page or in a section of that page.
Peurise Awe or Peurise Awi is a shield originating from Aceh, Indonesia.
It is principally manufactured by Raytheon Missile Systems and is produced under license by EADS in Germany and by Roketsan in Turkey with 70,000 missiles produced.
A fighter pilot launching the bomb can add or modify information about the target.
The M26 is a fragmentation hand grenade made by the United States.
Over 500 were ordered with deliveries beginning in April 1917.
An angular acceleration control system to control rolling movements, which was very advanced for its time.
The main disadvantage is the visible rod mechanism, which may be negated by laying the mine in undergrowth.
The Mars Automatic Pistol is noted for being available in a variety of 8.5 mm, 9 mm and .45 calibres.
Previously the 22-410 Stevens combination gun had been offered with a Tenite stock.
The Steyr Scout is also available in 5.56 NATO, .243 Winchester, .376 Steyr and 7mm-08 Remington.
Unlike the Trophy's interception method of metal pellets that spread over a wide area, IMI's interceptor is based on an anti-missile missile.
The ADATS missile is a laser-guided supersonic missile with a range of 10 kilometres, with an electro-optical sensor with TV and Forward Looking Infrared.
The M63 ground mount is a four-legged anti-aircraft weapon mount used on the M2HB Browning machine gun.
The 25 mm Hotchkiss anti-tank gun was a French anti-tank gun that saw service in the first years of the Second World War.
The Joint Light Tactical Vehicle is a United States military program to part-replace the Humvee with a family of more survivable vehicles with greater payload.
They are often used in parades and as part of dress uniforms.
See also GBU-16 Paveway II, where the same guidance unit is fitted to a Mk 83 1,000-lb bomb.
It was, in turn, replaced by the BMD-1 beginning in 1969.
Pinaka saw service during the Kargil War, where it was successful in neutralising enemy positions on the mountain tops.
Two secondary fuze wells are provided for anti-handling devices, one in the side, and one on the bottom of the mine.
They are fragile compared to artillery guns, but are inexpensive, easy to produce, and usable on any chassis.
A knife bayonet was issued with the rifle.
The boom elevates to 45 degrees, swings 270.
In early designs it consisted solely of a cutting edge, but in time voulges often had a 'pointed-top' blade for stabbing.
The Iveco SuperAV is an 8WD tactical vehicle developed by the Italian commercial vehicle company Iveco.
The GC-45 is a 155 mm howitzer designed by Gerald Bull's Space Research Corporation in the 1970s.
      
Buntot pagi or stingray tail is a type of Filipino whiplike weapon.
Some also had their barrels rifled so that they could fire the newly developed Minie ball.
One vehicle was destroyed, the other captured at Stalingrad in January 1943, with 31 kill marks painted on the barrel.
An explosion in the breech showed a fault and although a revised variant subsequently performed well, the project was abandoned.
It was briefly deployed 1943-1946, as a coast defense weapon with the United States Army Coast Artillery Corps.
The ESP 85A is a target pistol produced by the German firearms company Erma.
However, the BSA 28P was outdated compared to its rival, the EM-2 and the L1A1 SLR asides the 7.62 NATO calibre.
The first IG 42s were delivered in October 1944 equipped with muzzle brakes.
The weapon was intended for export but also for the use of the national special forces.
It has since been selected to replace Sidewinder in the Royal Australian Air Force and is being introduced to the Indian Air Force.
Hrotti is a sword in the Völsung cycle.
The TPS features an M16A2 style front and rear sight.
One hundred and sixty vehicles of this type were produced between 1931 and 1935.
US Air Force National Air and Space Intelligence Center estimates that as of June 2017 fewer than 50 launchers were operationally deployed.
Its built-in compensator ports in the barrel assist in keeping muzzle rise to tolerable levels.
Its armament consisted of a single 8 mm machine gun.
Recently, a Super Magnum version has been introduced to operate with the newer 3 ½" 12 gauge shells.
The Type 11 75 mm anti-aircraft gun was an anti-aircraft gun used by the Imperial Japanese Army after World War I.
For civilian use, the pistol can only be loaded with 10 rounds of 9mm Luger.
Its 40-round magazine consists of two concentric rings of vertically stored missiles, 24 in the outer ring and 16 in the inner.
Other ammunition types include the canister and modified canister rounds.
The launcher was also capable of semi-automatic fire.
It is best known for its resemblance to the Lewis Gun, having a similar gas-operated action and a barrel surrounded by a cooling shroud.
It dates back to the time of the Korean War of the early 1950s.
                    
Paralleloscopes entered British service in the 1920s-30s.
Mahindra Axe is a Light Military Utility Tactical Vehicle designed by Mahindra & Mahindra.
It is produced by the TsKIB SOO Central Design and Research Bureau of Sporting and Hunting Arms.
The Nora B-52 is a 155 mm/52-calibre self-propelled howitzer weapon system developed by Vojnotehnički Institut for export and domestic use.
Kirpans are curved and have a single cutting edge that may be either blunt or sharp.
It is based on BMD-1 airborne IFV.
Almost identical was the 8x8 model Saurer M8 M, inclusive the prototype 79 M8 trucks were built.
The RT-21 was the first mobile ICBM developed by the Soviet Union.
Iveco LMV is a 4WD tactical vehicle developed by Iveco, and in service with several countries.
The ship served with the German fleet after her commissioning before being used as a torpedo training ship in 1909.
It was mass manufactured during World War I by two reconverted civilian plants: "Gladiator" and "Sidarme".
The first 200 K31s were made in May 1931 for troop trials, thus the model number of 1931.
The M2 carbine is the selective-fire version of the M1 carbine capable of firing in both semi-automatic and full-automatic.
It was replaced in British service in 1880 by the .476 calibre Enfield Mk I revolver.
Belgium, the Netherlands, Lithuania, Turkey and China bought numbers of guns directly from Vickers.
The gun was made as a hunting rifle.
The Panzer II was the most numerous tank in the German Panzer divisions beginning with the invasion of France.
The AMT Automag V is a large single action semi-automatic pistol made by Arcadia Machine and Tool.
The ALFA Series of Revolvers are a series of Czech-made revolvers designed for law enforcement, private security agencies, personal security, and hunting needs.
These bows could be reflexed, deflexed, decurved, or straight.
The root of this adverse decision came from encounters with increasing numbers of T-34 and KV-1 tanks.
The BLU-97/B Combined Effects Bomb is the submunition used in several cluster bomb type weapon systems.
The M109 has a crew of six: the section chief, the driver, the gunner, the assistant gunner and two ammunition handlers.
The R4 replaced the R1, a variant of the 7.62×51mm FN FAL.
The Zakłady Mechaniczne "Tarnów" UKM-2000 is a 7.62×51mm NATO general-purpose machine gun designed in Tarnów, Poland.
Karabin przeciwpancerny wzór 35, also UR, was a Polish 7.9 mm anti-tank rifle used by the Polish Army during the Invasion of Poland of 1939.
KeyMod is a universal interface system for firearm accessory components designed to supersede the MIL-STD-1913 accessory rails.
By then, the competition had been joined by designs from Degtyarev and Korovin, who designed their weapons directly for the new round.
A use of the horseman's pick was to tear men from their mounts.
The first vehicles were produced in 1958 and it was accepted into service in 1959, with serial production beginning in 1963.
The French believed that it would have required too much armour to protect against the latest anti-tank threats, thereby reducing the tank's maneuverability.
The ATM 96 is a plastic cased Austrian anti-tank mine produced by Dynamit Nobel Wien.
Informally, the weapon is also called the heat ray since it works by heating the surface of targets, such as the skin of targeted human subjects.
1917 semi-automatic rifle made by Ribeyrolles, Sutter and Chauchat, who already developed the "Chauchat" Mle.
The PZA Loara is a Polish armored radar-directed self-propelled anti-aircraft gun system.
Contemporary English language reports sometimes refer to it as the Mark V.
It was designed by Ferdinand Porsche in 1941 and produced by Škoda in Mladá Boleslav.
The single-shot hit probability for a single missile launch at an approaching target is 90%.
It consists of a solid or hollow wood or iron staff with an iron weight and chain on the end, sometimes retractable.
The time of replacing missiles batteries and the engagement altitude are much less than Raad.
The Misagh 2 is the next version of the Misagh-1.
The Mk 20 was eventually replaced by the Mk 19 Mod 3.
It is used by many units and armies around the world.
The first vehicles were delivered in February 2008 and production ended in July 2012.
They were initially issued to Heavy Artillery Battalions 21, 22 and 28.
Examples built for the French Army use a Renault Sherpa 10 chassis, examples built for export utilize the 6x6 Unimog U2450L chassis.
One gun was fitted to the Atlas XH-1 Alpha attack helicopter demonstrator.
The M27 Infantry Automatic Rifle is a lightweight, magazine-fed 5.56mm weapon based on the Heckler & Koch HK416.
A prototype variant, the 43M Turán was also turned out but did not go into production.
Baliswords can reach from traditional 2 feet, to over 6 feet in length.
The SU-76 was a Soviet self-propelled gun used during and after World War II.
The only surviving piece is displayed in Hämeenlinna The Artillery Museum of Finland.
It is based on the French F1 grenade and contains a 60-gram explosive charge.
It was developed as a backup for the Mark 24 mine due to apprehensions regarding the Mark 24's acoustic steering.
The Zumwalt class will number three ships.
    {\displaystyle \rho _{t}\,}
The unattended ground sensor is under development as part of the United States Army's Future Combat Systems Program.
The gun's suggested retail price is US$499.
The QF 2.95 inch mountain gun was the designation given by the British to a Vickers 75mm calibre gun.
The Ramses II tank is a heavily modernized T-55 main battle tank designed for and used by the Egyptian Armed Forces.
FN claims that the SLP is “capable of firing eight rounds in less than one second”.
The K pattern was a man-portable backpack flamethrower, produced in occupied Poland during World War II for the underground Home Army.
The AR-57 PDW Upper is a new design on AR-15/M16 rifles, blending the AR-15/M16 lower with a lightweight, monolithic upper receiver system chambered in FN 5.7×28mm.
The Big Joe 5 crossbow was a weapon developed by the Office of Strategic Services to be used for assassinations up to 200 metres.
The Maynard had a good reputation for long-range accuracy, and Confederate sharpshooters made extensive use of it, especially during the Siege of Charleston.
The name "Zündnadelgewehr"/"needle-gun" comes from its needle-like firing pin, which passed through the paper cartridge case to strike a percussion cap at the bullet base.
The 1200 and 1201F and FP are no longer manufactured and the Benelli Super 90 is the current version.
The JLTV Eagle was not selected for the Engineering and Manufacturing Development phase of the program.
These weapons often use large capacitors to build up a charge which is released when the weapon is fired.
216 were in service at the beginning of the war.
Parts of the missile have been used in the Common Anti-aircraft Modular Missile.
A pulsed energy weapon is any weapon that:
The Type 91 is officially treated as a 4th-generation MANPAD system.
The guard, contrary to some reports are authentic and are a rather theatrical "S" shape with inset detail.
The missile entered service in 1955 with the French army.
Three main versions of the Type 99 have been deployed, the Type 98 prototype, Type 99, and Type 99A.
The Polikarpov I-5 fighter was first armed with a pair of PV-1 machine guns with 1,200 rounds total.
It was developed by Daimler-Benz between 1968 and 1975, replacing the M41 and the Schützenpanzer SPz 11-2 Kurz.
Its semi-automatic action originated with the Marlin Model 60.
The Krasukha's primary targets are airborne radio-electronics and airborne systems guided by radar.
The rifle is now offered for export only.
It is amphibious when using the erectable flotation screen stowed around the periphery of the upper hull.
The Type 4 number was designated for the year the gun was accepted, 2604 in the Japanese imperial year calendar, or 1944 in the Gregorian calendar.
The results were satisfactory but the weapon was too powerful for the intended self-protection use.
The missile has a Granit type engine.
The FHJ-84 is an over/under twin-barreled 62 mm incendiary rocket launcher used by the People's Liberation Army Special Operations Forces.
The Martel is an Anglo-French anti-radiation missile.
The two weapons are extremely different both cosmetically and internally.
For that purpose, the C7P shared many parts with the 7TP light tank, produced simultaneously.
The Strasbourg Agreement of 27 August 1675 is the first international agreement banning the use of chemical weapons.
The AGM-129 ACM was a low-observable, subsonic, turbofan-powered, air-launched cruise missile originally designed and built by General Dynamics and eventually acquired by Raytheon Missile Systems.
Developed in 1944, and planned to be used in the United States invasion of Japan, the JB-2 was never used in combat.
The chakram is primarily a throwing weapon but can also be used hand-to-hand.
It proved to be popular with its crews, who appreciated its light weight, accuracy and good effect of the shell.
Until 2009, there were 6 failures in 13 flight tests and one failure during ground test, blamed mostly on substandard components.
The Type 91 surface-to-air missile is a Japanese man-portable surface-to-air missile system.
Taurus re-chambered their large-frame 607 to hold eight rounds.
There are numerous smaller changes in fire control, communications equipment, track etc.
The range with a 1000 kilogram warhead was increased from 280 to 320 kilometres, and the Isayev engine was slightly modified.
In the 1980s, almost 2,500 vehicles were in use, with around 1,500 now remaining in operation - mostly in supporting arms rather than front-line infantry service.
The Minerva Armored Car was a military armored car expediently developed from Minerva civilian automobiles by Belgium at the start of the First World War.
It could also be used to tow ammunition around an ammunition dump.
The Scorpion silent pistol is a special purpose suppressor integrated weapon which was designed by STC DELTA solely for special operation forces.
The same chassis is used as the launch platform for the Iranian Falaq-2, which has a single tube-type launcher mounted on the rear.
Iran’s Defense Ministry plans to begin mass production of the rocket.
The propellant filled the hollow space, and was sealed into the bullet with a fulminate plug.
The Paixhans gun was the first naval gun designed to fire explosive shells.
The design is a closer cousin to the Russian PPSh-41.
It was roughly the equivalent of the German 88 mm FlaK and American 90 mm, but with a slightly larger calibre of 94 mm.
In 1988, Walther introduced a fully adjustable two-stage trigger that athletes could retrofit their pistols with.
The earlier effort, designated Mark 1, in post-World War I years, was terminated after the torpedo produced proved unsatisfactory in speed and range.
It then bends at a steep angle and to attack on the target.
It uses different kinds of domestic communication systems to be connected to the command stations and two large antennas are installed to the back.
Designed to be equipped with a powerful 85 mm main gun, by the time it was fully tested the T-34 had also moved to this weapon.
In fact, the surface-to-air version was developed from the air-to-air version.
The cylinder housed 18 copper-lined chambers that were muzzle loaded from the outer side of the ring.
The Type 95 torpedo was a torpedo of the Imperial Japanese Navy.
The MT-55A was produced for the armies of the Warsaw Pact, as well as for export clients.
Production rights to the machine gun were purchased by Italy, Spain, Pakistan, Greece, Iran, Sudan and Turkey.
Suspension was Horstmann coil spring on bogies.
The NSpz was intended to replace the obsolete M113 used by the Swiss Army.
It is not to be confused with the similarly titled Heckler & Koch G41.
The 12-pounder long gun was an intermediary calibre piece of artillery mounted on warships of the Age of sail.
They were also chambered for the .22 Short, .22 Long, .22 Long Rifle, and the .32, 8mm, and 9mm Flobert cartridges, among others.
The rifle used a unique, 7-round rotary magazine.
A 3-color variation called Wüstentarn is used for arid and desert conditions and has been used by the German Bundeswehr in Afghanistan.
About 300 were delivered to Boer forces of the South African Republic.
The m/40s had similar design and firing mechanisms to the Finnish L-35s but suffered lower reliability from the lower quality steel used in manufacturing.
The M4 retained much of the previous mechanical design, but put the main 75 mm gun in a fully traversing turret.
Second-hand P210s are greatly valued by shooting sports competitors.
The PTRD-41 was an anti-tank rifle produced and used from early 1941 by the Soviet Red Army during World War II.
The M 05 was adapted for use in narrow mountain paths as the M 05/08 and could be disassembled into 3 loads.
Such weapons often create much collateral damage and may affect large numbers of civilians.
Two versions were produced, designated by the year of their first production: the SMi-35 and SMi-44.
All four models had a hard wood stock.
A rare variant, the Model 677, was produced with telescopic sights and no provisions for Iron Sights.
The 8.8 cm Raketenwerfer 43 Puppchen was an 88 mm calibre reusable anti-tank rocket launcher developed by Nazi Germany during World War II.
The multi-stage interceptor consists of a solid-fuel rocket motor booster, followed by an asymmetrical kill vehicle with advanced steering for super-maneuverability during the kill-stage.
The generic term "global zero" or "zero" is often associated with nuclear disarmament or the worldwide elimination of nuclear weapons in arms control discourse.
Introduced in the 1970s it was the first wheeled 152 mm self-propelled artillery gun to enter service.
It is circular in shape with a sharpened outer edge and ranges in size from approximately 12–30 centimetres in diameter.
Individual soldiers were often forced to carry a breaching shotgun in addition to their standard issue rifle, but the Masterkey removes this need.
The Beretta Cx4 Storm is a pistol-caliber carbine aimed at the sporting, personal defense, and law enforcement markets.
The Rk 62 has a three-pronged flash suppressor, and a groove for a specially designed knife bayonet, which can be used alone as a combat knife.
Over four million Stens in various versions were made in the 1940s.
It was the only recoil-operated weapon of its type from the ZB company.
40 hand grenade produced for the Armia Krajowa during World War II in occupied Poland.
In appearance the vehicle is also similar to the Chinese WZ-523 armoured personnel carrier.
MAB Model A is a single action, striker-fired, semi-automatic pistol with a blowback action.
The Excalibur will be manufactured by the Ordnance Factories Board in Ordnance Factory Tiruchirappalli, Small Arms Factory, Kanpur and Ichapore Arsenal.
The Sola is a submachine gun that was built by Societe Luxembourgeoise SA in Luxembourg between 1954 and 1957.
Design commenced in July 1940, and the first M3s were operational in late 1941.
The Canon obusier de 12, also known as the "Canon de l’Empereur" was a type of canon-obusier developed by France in 1853.
Ordinary citizens and Old West lawmen alike recognized the sturdy quality of the new Remington revolvers.
After the VK 4501 failed to win the contract, Dr. Porsche began looking at ways to improve the design for a future version.
The ergonomic grip features an adjustable handrest.
The BTR-50 shares many similarities with two other APCs, the OT-62 TOPAS and the Type 77.
MAPATS is a laser-beam riding anti-tank guided missile developed by Israel Military Industries as a possible successor to US wire-guided BGM-71 TOW.
Measuring some 5 feet long, the brandistock construction was unique for polearms in that it had a retractable blade.
35 is a hand grenade issued to the Royal Italian Army during World War II.
        
Bigoudine is a small town and rural commune in Taroudant Province of the Souss-Massa-Drâa region of Morocco.
It has an adjustable trigger and a rifled barrel although not designed for high-precision shooting.
The Falaq-2 is a 333 mm-diameter rocket.
The Energa anti-tank rifle grenade is a rifle-launched anti-tank grenade that is propelled by a ballistite-filled blank cartridge.
Barrel lengths of 10.5", 12.7", 14.7" and 18" are available.
The gun uses standard GAU-8 Avenger ammunition that is available in API, HEI and APFSDS-T variants.
A steel block containing twenty-five 13 mm centre-fire cartridges was locked against the breech before firing.
The official British Army Out of Service Date for this truck was the end of 2014, but around 650 were retained.
57 55 J or 57 mm, 55 caliber length model Jokinen coastal gun was a Finnish light coastal gun designed during Continuation War.
The objective of this programme is to demonstrate the ability of a laser system mounted on aircraft.
The 9M120 Ataka system is often confused with the 9K121 Vikhr system, despite being different weapons systems developed by different companies.
Following the adoption of the BTR-40, the Soviet government retired its remaining fleet of BA-64s and exported them as military aid to various nations.
The Sakb has an amphibious capability similar to the M113 and can climb a 60% gradient.
As such the GB abbreviation stand for GasBremse.
By September 2016, Lockheed Martin had delivered 2,000 total JASSMs comprising both variants to the USAF.
The Type 63 is a Chinese armoured personnel carrier that entered service in the late 1960s.
"Chi Ho" indicates that it is designated as the 5th medium tank.
It was developed in the late 1950s and is used by around 30 countries.
Developed by Bunji Hamada, the pistol took its basic design from the Model 1910 Browning.
The missile had a shorter wingspan and improved guidance system and new monopulse radar seeker, which allowed sea-skimming approaches.
The bomb is designed to be delivered by a C-130 Hercules, primarily the MC-130E Combat Talon I or MC-130H Combat Talon II variants.
The kris is famous for its distinctive wavy blade, although many have straight blades as well.
It is fed from detachable box magazines and is fitted with a folding and adjustable bipod and an adjustable rear monopod.
The resulting whip is both flexible and durable.
GMV is intended to be carried internally in a CH-47 Chinook or externally by a UH-60 Black Hawk.
The LAZIKA is a proposed Georgian Infantry fighting vehicle, developed by the Scientific Technical Center STC DELTA and funded by the Georgian military.
The Ghaur-III, was a codename of a program to developed land-based surface-to-surface intermediate range ballistic missile in a response to India's Agni-III missile.
Nennius died fifteen days after the battle of a head wound inflicted by Caesar, and the sword was buried with him.
The Arbalète sauterelle type A, or simply Sauterelle, was a bomb-throwing crossbow used by French, and British forces on the Western Front during World War I.
Charlemagne gave Kurt to Ogier the Dane and Almace to Bishop Turpin, and initially kept Durendal for himself.
The revolver was also issued to the Army's "Dragoon" Regiments.
It was the first polymer-frame handgun from SIG Sauer and one of the first pistols to feature a built-in universal accessory rail and interchangeable grips.
It was developed on the basis of a Tectran VBT-2028 6×6 all-terrain vehicle for enhanced mobility.
The A-91 features a forward ejection system, initially developed in Tula by designers like Afanasiev during the early 1960s.
The B-10 recoilless rifle is a Soviet 82 mm smoothbore recoilless rifle.
A few remained in use in 1920s as practice pieces.
Previously, it wasn't thought that the smaller frame could handle the power of the .44 round, but the introduction of stronger metals made it possible.
The Type 88 number was designated for the year the gun was accepted, 2588 in the Japanese imperial year calendar, or 1928 in the Gregorian calendar.
A Kh-55 production unit was delivered to Shanghai in 1995 and appears to have been used to produce a similar weapon for China.
The MOWAG Shark is an armored personnel carrier produced by the MOWAG Motor Car Factory, Kreuzlingen, Switzerland.
Its use was probably not confined to Central Europe.
It is being used by CIA in Drone attacks in Pakistan in an effort to minimize collateral damage.
They were particularly active in the 17th century Ottoman Empire.
Skofnung was the sword of legendary Danish king Hrólf Kraki.
Its popular name refers to its extra locking lug on the cylinder crane.
The P4 is a derivative of the Mercedes Geländewagen military version built under license by Peugeot for the French military.
The bomb was steered by radio command guidance, the operator tracking it by means of red and white flares in the booms.
Swedish AJ37 Viggens with RB-04E's mounted under their wings, taken from top secret storage bunkers, stood on high alert for a possible Soviet incursion.
The AS-90 underwent a capability enhancement program in 2008 and 2009, primarily relating to upgrades of the AS-90's electronic system.
The RIM-162 Evolved SeaSparrow Missile is a development of the RIM-7 Sea Sparrow missile used to protect ships from attacking missiles and aircraft.
The K2 was often affectionately nicknamed "Katy", also by British and US troopers in occupied Germany of the 1950s.
The Hippo is a South African armoured personnel carrier.
Li Rusong was from Hebei province, China.
Nudelman and A.A. Rikhter, entering service in 1954.
Design of the Panzer I began in 1932 and mass production began in 1934.
The Obregón is a Mexican designed semi-automatic pistol designed in the mid-1930s by a mechanical engineer, Alejandro Obregón.
The 10-inch Gun M1895 and its variants the M1888 and M1900 were large coastal artillery pieces installed to defend major American seaports between 1895 and 1945.
The M72 grenade has a spherical body, weighing 230 grams in total, with an explosive load of 60 grams Composition B.
It provides rapid movement of combat configured loads of ammunition and all classes of supply, shelters and containers.
An alternative designation for the missile is the UR-100MR.
A notable advantage was that the mortar had no firing signature, unlike conventional mortars with smoke and muzzle flash.
The SAR-87 was a robust weapon based on the well tried AR-18 with the versatility of the M16 rifle.
Its regular ammunition is Polish UGŁ-200 canister with affecting mucous membranes CN gas, however use of East Germany RWK grenade was possible too.
The DF-15 and the newer DF-16 are thought to be the only non-nuclear missiles in use by the People's Liberation Army Second Artillery Corps.
The M-84 is still in service in Serbia, Kuwait, Croatia, and Slovenia, and other countries such as Bosnia and Herzegovina use a minimal amount.
Mesbah 1 is an Iranian anti aircraft artillery system developed to defend against incoming cruise missiles.
The M1943 was one of the heaviest mortar used by Soviet troops in World War II.
The missile cost $600 million to develop.
It is a 10-round, 12-gauge, bullpup shotgun with two firing modes: semi-auto and full-auto.
It was also part of the dowry that a man must pay to the bride's family.
The LVTP-5 was a family of amphibious armored fighting vehicles used by the United States Marine Corps.
The improved 8.8 cm gun was fitted with a semi-automatic vertical breech mechanism that greatly reduced recoil.
Taurus Systems GmbH is a partnership between MBDA Deutschland GmbH and Saab Bofors Dynamics.
In recognition of this, German tank and anti-tank gun crews were instructed to attack Fireflies first.
It has a sister model, CZ 110, which has a smaller magazine capacity.
The basic cargo version was designed to transport a 5,000 lb cargo load over all types of terrain in all kinds of weather.
                        2
The Panzerfaust 3 is operated by at least 11 countries and has been employed in Afghanistan.
On August 21, 1972, it was accepted into Soviet service and would later be widely exported.
The Intratec TEC-9, TEC-DC9, or AB-10 is a blowback-operated semi-automatic pistol.
The downside was that these cartridges were difficult to remove.
Stand alone versions of the grenade launcher exist.
Outwardly, it was large; but internally, the spaces were cramped with the fighting compartments separated from each other.
Initially designated as the T28E1 Combination Gun Motor Carriage, it was accepted into service in 1943 as the M15.
ALAS is a Serbian long-range multipurpose wire guided missile system developed by the private company EdePro, which operates under the direction of the state-owned Yugoimport SDPR.
Thus the blade became a symbol of Cronus' power.
He kept the ship for the last 17 years of his life.
The igniting device at the nozzle set fire to the fuel as it sprayed out.
The RIM-50 was canceled in 1963 along with the medium range RIM-55, when the Typhon combat system was canceled.
This is designed to help the operator to distinguish it by touch from the smooth-shelled RGN in low-light or dark conditions.
Bromobenzyl cyanide is an obsolete lachrymatory agent introduced in World War I by the Allied Powers.
C-801 is a subsonic Chinese anti-ship missile developed in the 1980s, receiving NATO reporting name CSS-N-4 Sardine.
It is chambered for either the 9×19 mm or .40 S&W cartridges and can be fitted with either 10- or 12-round magazines, depending on the caliber.
The primary round was the Panzergranate Pzgr.
Even though it was developed mainly for infantry use, it also has been fitted to several light vehicles.
The rifle features a flash hider, as well as a standard rear-folding bipod.
                      
It was rather heavy for its size, but had a good range.
The 8 cm Granatwerfer 34 was the standard German infantry mortar throughout World War II.
While the M5 outperformed earlier anti-tank guns in the US service, its effective employment was hindered by its heavy weight and ammunition-related issues.
The "H" in the model number is short for "hahn", referring to the internal hammer of the firing mechanism.
Each rifle comes with scope rings and a lock.
                      D
The MP-443 Grach or "PYa", for "Pistolet Yarygina", following traditional Russian naming procedure, is the Russian standard military-issue side arm.
Before the war, ten six-wheeled models were built; this was followed during the war by 58 four-wheeled models.
When thrown this unfurled and acted as a tail to stabilize flight.
A short range insert device allows the weapon to be used in a direct fire mode.
The Maschinengewehr 08—so-named after 1908, its year of adoption—was a development of the license made Maschinengewehr 01.
Brown Bess is a nickname of uncertain origin for the British Army's muzzle-loading smoothbore Land Pattern Musket and its derivatives.
Al Hussein or al-Husayn is the designation of an Iraqi ballistic missile.
The Fahd consists of a Mercedes-Benz LAP 1117/32 truck chassis fitted with an armored body.
It replaced the older GP-25 Soviet-pattern grenade launcher.
The Mathogo is an Argentine wire-guided anti-tank missile developed by CITEFA to supplement and eventually replace the Argentine 105-mm recoilless rifles.
It is not equipped with iron sights.
Throughout the war approximately 240,000 grenades of this type were produced.
EUCs can be forged or falsified; they can also be obtained from corrupt officials, therefore there is a need for EUCs that are difficult to forge.
The name came from the sound that the original models make when firing.
The final missile design was about ten feet long and just under a foot in diameter.
The 22.5 cm Minenwerfer M 15 was a heavy mortar used by Austria-Hungary in World War I.
The Dominican Republic's military was the main user of this weapon although it was also exported to Cuba prior to the Cuban Revolution.
The P7 is a German 9×19mm semi-automatic pistol designed by Helmut Weldle and produced by Heckler & Koch GmbH of Oberndorf am Neckar.
When firing temporary bursts with auto-loader the gun can fire 3 shots in 20 seconds and up to 6 shots per minute during sustained firing.
The AMX-10RC should not be confused with the AMX-10P; they share automotive components but otherwise have completely different battlefield roles.
After naval service during World War II, she became a private yacht.
Patriot was developed at Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville, Alabama, which had previously developed the Safeguard ABM system and its component Spartan and hypersonic speed Sprint missiles.
The Velvet Glove was a short-range semi-active radar homing air-to-air missile designed by CARDE and produced by Canadair starting in 1953.
The MOWAG Eagle is a wheeled armored vehicle designed by the Swiss MOWAG corporation.
The design was adopted by the Imperial Japanese Army in 1905 and served from then until the end of 1945.
It was fitted to the Type 42 destroyers, Type 82 destroyer and Invincible-class aircraft carriers of the Royal Navy.
The TR-125 main battle tank is the redesigned T-72 made in Romania with Romanian components only.
Škoda's own designation for it was A3.
The Beretta Px4 Storm is a semi-automatic pistol manufactured by Beretta of Italy and intended for personal defense and law enforcement use.
The AVGP is a series of three armoured fighting vehicles ordered by the Canadian military in 1977.
It is a 155 mm/39-calibre towed howitzer gun.
It was about to enter service in 1987, when such weapons were banned under the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty.
The Enfield No.2 was a British top-break revolver using the .38/200 round manufactured from 1932 to 1957.
It was broadly similar to anti-tank missiles of the era, having a fibreglass body with four large wings, cruciform in cross-section and a relatively short body.
The T-84-120 Yatagan is a prototype model intended for export, mounting a 120 mm gun capable of firing standard NATO ammunition and guided missiles.
It did przebijalności required, so it was decided to increase the caliber of 95 mm.
The FCM F1 was a French super-heavy tank developed during the late Interbellum by the Forges et Chantiers de la Méditerranée company.
There are two variants of the Chang Feng, the Chang Feng 1 and the Chang Feng 2.
It had a maximum rate of fire of 120 rounds per minute and a range of 750 metres.
Both Dutch and Romanian rifles fired the same rimmed 6.5×53 mmR cartridge often referred to as "Romanian" or "Dutch 6.5".
A motion of the handlebars beyond that point would engage the track brakes to help make turns sharper.
This is intended to provide better protection against improvised explosive devices.
The Type 91 aerial torpedo had two unique characteristics:
The greatest use of Gribeauval guns came during the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars.
The M10 was numerically the most important U.S. tank destroyer of World War II.
Various versions of the Anza are currently in service with the Pakistan Army, with the Mk-III version being the most recent.
It was developed during the late 1980s to replace the Buffel in service with the South African military and security forces.
In certain situations, even a single KV-1 or KV-2 supported by infantry was capable of halting large German formations.
The Kh-31 is a Russian air-to-surface missile carried by aircraft such as the MiG-29 or Su-27.
In late 1953 the Model 1953 was introduced.
The yatagan was extensively used in Ottoman Turkey and in areas under immediate Ottoman influence, such as the Balkans and the Caucasus.
The Canal Defence Light was a British "secret weapon" of the Second World War.
The single-shot Deer gun was intended for distribution to South Vietnamese guerrillas as a weapon against North Vietnamese soldiers.
The Umkhonto is a South African family of modern short- to medium-range, all-weather-capable vertical launch surface-to-air missiles manufactured by South Africa's Denel Dynamics.
Though its name might suggest otherwise, the AMR 33 was not a scout vehicle and mostly was not equipped with a radio set.
The motion of the breech and/or the expansion of the expelled gases can also be used to power a case-ejection mechanism and/or reloading mechanism.
The second variant is a cargo carrier with protected driver's cabin but without the troop compartment in the back, instead having an unprotected flatbed cargo area.
The Qasef-1 loitering munition is based on the same airframe, with a 30-kg warhead, with an anti-radar application.
The BM-30 Smerch, 9K58 Smerch or 9A52-2 Smerch-M is a Soviet heavy multiple rocket launcher.
The rifle also comes standard with an adjustable rear sight but can also accept a scope mount.
It uses the same rounds as the older stand-alone M79 break-action grenade launcher, which utilizes the High-Low Propulsion System to keep recoil forces low.
It was developed for the British Army and won the competition to replace a fleet of older Bedford M-type 4-tonne trucks.
The design is unique, and was the brainchild of Norwegian engineer Jacob Smith Jarmann.
The launch platform has been integrated with both wheeled and tracked vehicles.
The Gribeauval system included the 6-inch howitzer, the light Canon de 4 Gribeauval, medium Canon de 8 Gribeauval and the heavy Canon de 12 Gribeauval.
The Snark was deployed by the United States Air Force's Strategic Air Command from 1958 through 1961.
No other Tiger tanks modified in this manner were ever recovered.
With this in mind, an area of the butt of the gun is hollowed out.
The first version was produced in 1983 and serial production began in 1984.
The De Lisle carbine or De Lisle Commando carbine was a British firearm used during World War II that was designed with an integrated suppressor.
They were used as the Type 41 10-inch /45-caliber aboard the British-built semi-dreadnought Katori-class and Satsuma-class battleships of the Imperial Japanese Navy.
The first number is the scope's magnification and the second number in millimeters is the diameter of the objective lens.
The M46 was an American medium tank designed to replace the M26 Pershing and M4 Sherman.
The 75 mm Gun M1917 also had this, but is based on the British Ordnance QF 18-pounder.
The few Sentinels that were built never saw action as Australia's armoured divisions had been equipped by that time with British and American tanks.
The Luwuk is listed as one of the deadliest weapons from the Paregreg war.
Sources differ on the development history, but the gun itself was of conventional design.
The rifle itself comes with a detachable Harris 9–13" 1A2-LM or Harris 9–13" 1A2-L bipod unit.
Initially used with a variety of fuses, since early 1930s the grenade was used with the standard Zapalnik wz.
A folding bipod is attached near the front of the gun, though an M192 LGM tripod is available.
As recently as the 2006 Israel–Lebanon conflict the Israel Defense Forces employed heavily modified Centurions as armoured personnel carriers and combat engineering vehicles.
She was laid down in 1901, and completed in December 1903, at the cost of 15,665,000 Marks.
It was officially adopted as a United States military bolt-action rifle on June 19, 1903, and saw service in World War I.
The three initial prototypes, designated Modèle 1, were chambered in 7.92×33mm Kurz, 7.65×35mm, and .30 Carbine.
1934 Schneider bought by Lithuania in 1937.
It was then decided to use a Tupolev TB-3 aircraft as launch platform.
The range of the Sayyad-2 missile is controversial.
Because of its high roof, this was needed only at the front, which slopes downwards.
About 100 units were manufactured by E.W.
6 on La Presse's bestseller list while the French version reached No.
They were originally designed to use the old gunpowder propellants.
It is produced by the Adcor Defense Company and was one of the contenders in the US Army Individual Carbine Competition to replace the M4 Carbine.
Therefore, the safety pin must always be removed and discarded before a mortar shell is fired.
It was the most effective anti-tank gun of the war fielded by the Western Allies.
The tank subsequently returned to base under its own power and was quickly repaired and back on duty the following day.
It entered service in 1950, but is perhaps best known for its use by Iraqi insurgents in the mid-2000s, against vehicles of the US forces.
The turret and hull are protected with second generation Chobham armour.
The M40 rifle is a bolt-action sniper rifle used by the United States Marine Corps.
The T-84 is a Ukrainian main battle tank, a development of the Soviet T-80 main battle tank.
License for weapons in 1988, bought the branch of FAU, which modernized the Thompson submachine gun in model 2.
The T-34 medium tank is one of the most-produced and longest-lived tanks of all time.
The barrel is chromium-plated for extended life.
It fired HE and smoke rounds in addition to a special Harpunengeschosse that carried a rope with hooks to clear mines or wire obstacles.
Experience gained from PL-8/Python-3 had helped China greatly in developing its next missile, the PL-9.
It was the first Japanese tank to have a communication radio as standard equipment.
The distinctive San Yan Chong 三眼銃, or three eyed gun was one of the most common Ming hand cannons.
In 1956, 13 of the m/39s were sold to the Dominican Republic.
A box could be mounted under the handguard containing up to 300 metres of thin rope.
It is a single-action, tip-up revolver holding seven .22 Short black powder cartridges.
The Type 95 was the fastest torpedo in common use by any navy at the time.
Launched from ground-based mobile transporter erector launchers, the Babur can be armed with both conventional and nuclear warheads and has a reported range of 700 km.
More information can be found at davidtubb.com
It is used for thrusting and striking in close quarter, hand-to-hand fighting.
In 2008 RMMV delivered three armoured NBC field laboratories to the Swiss Army which are similar to the Yak.
The harpe sword is most notably identified as the weapon used by Cronus to castrate and depose his father, Uranus.
Until 1936 the vehicles were fitted with Renault FT turrets because the intended cast ST2 turrets were not yet ready.
The Karabiner Model 1931 replaced both the Model 1911 rifle and carbine and was gradually replaced by the Stgw 57 from 1958 onwards.
However, once a few troops injured themselves, the mistranslation was discovered and further experimentation discouraged.
The exact pit assemblies were common with several other U.S. nuclear weapons, the Type C and Type D pit assemblies.
The weapon is roughly 2 metres tall.
The T2 tank never saw combat and left prototype stages and was not mass-produced with having only one built in the 1930 by Rock Island Arsenal.
The grenade was equipped with a contact fuze which functioned on impact with the target.
Omega SA is a Swiss luxury watchmaker based in Biel/Bienne, Switzerland.
The Vetterli rifles were a series of Swiss army service rifles in use from 1869 to circa 1890, when they were replaced with Schmidt–Rubin rifles.
            
In October 2015, the Australian Government announced the purchase of 1,100 Hawkeis from Thales Australia.
The Ruger Redhawk is a DA/SA, large-frame revolver that was first introduced in 1979 by Sturm, Ruger & Company.
The gun remained in Edinburgh Castle until 1754 when, along with other unused weapons in Scotland, it was taken to the Tower of London.
The Kozak is a Ukrainian armored personnel carrier with "V"-shaped hull intended to transport personnel and various loads.
Range variations were made by altering a sleeve round the base of the barrel.
The Fiat Type 6614 is a 4x4 wheeled armoured personnel carrier developed as a joint venture between Fiat and Oto Melara of Italy.
The B-300 is a reusable man-portable anti-tank weapon system developed by Israel Military Industries in the late 1970s for use by the Israel Defense Forces.
It used by the United States Marine Corps and is intended to enhance an automatic rifleman's maneuverability.
The mine is found in the Falkland Islands where it was used during the Falklands War.
Eight pieces equipped two batteries, but their range of only 7 km was found insufficient, so the range was increased for the production version.
It was chambered in then-standard 8mm Lebel, the rimmed cartridge used in other French Army infantry weapons of the time.
The Laminated Varmint features a Grey Laminated stock and is only available in .223 Remington, it weighs 3.62 kg.
The gun was used in World War I and Russian Civil War.
The tank was widely respected as one of the best British tanks of the war, and continued in service afterwards.
The BRDM-2 is an Estonian version of the BRDM-2, an 4x4 wheeled armoured personnel carrier designed in the former Soviet Union.
52, the Czechoslovak military used several domestic and foreign pistol models in three different calibers.
It was made public around November 2013 and was printed via the direct metal laser sintering method.
The emergence of the main battle tank spelled the end of the heavy tank as a separate class, although a number of post-war examples were produced.
The ACV-15 is based on the American Advanced Infantry Fighting Vehicle, which in turn is based on the American M113A1 armored personnel carrier.
More than 500 vehicles of this type have been manufactured and it is used as a personnel carrier and a weapons platform.
This multipurpose bayonet provides greater durability than the M7 and also functions as a fighting knife.
The Type 89 is fitted with a semi-automatic loader.
Starting in 1964, approx 3200 units were built in all different varieties.
The 7400 model was ultimately replaced by the Model 750 in 2006.
38(t) continued to be produced for the Marder III with some of its components used in the later Jagdpanzer 38 tank destroyers and its derivative vehicles.
The ninth and final flight was conducted on October 20, 1964.
It was retired in 1992 in favour of the ASMP missile.
It was produced as a replacement for the 10 cm K 99 and the Lang 15 cm Kanone 92.
The launcher can be configured as a pistol whose primary use is emergency signaling, or with 12" or 16" barrels.
It can be belt fed or fired from a magazine.
The M1867 Werndl–Holub was a single-shot breechloading rifle that the Austro-Hungarian army adopted in 1867.
The tank was originally called the T-54E.
Intended to augment the Singapore Army's aging M113 armoured personnel carriers, it is the first indigenous armoured vehicle to be developed in Southeast Asia.
The Beretta 92 is a series of semi-automatic pistols designed and manufactured by Beretta of Italy.
It is armored vehicle manufactured in SDPR "Complex Battle Systems" factory in Velika Plana, Serbia.
The Type 14 number was designated for the year the gun was accepted,the 14th year of Emperor Taishō's reign, 1929 in the Gregorian calendar.
The Type 10 number was designated for the year the gun was accepted,the 10th year of Emperor Taishō's reign, 1927 in the Gregorian calendar.
There are at least five different operational versions of the Ch'ŏnma-ho.
Around 206 vehicles were produced between the years 1942–1944.
The entire firearm is held together with a barrel locking nut which is threaded onto the fore section of the two receiver halves.
The exterior views suggest it employs a V-hull design.
The model 1835 was used by both the North and South during the American Civil War.
The M101A1 fired 105-millimetre high explosive semi-fixed ammunition and had a range of 11,270 metres, making it suitable for supporting infantry.
The MBDA Apache is a French-developed air-launched anti-runway cruise missile, manufactured by European arms company MBDA.
The M29 is an American-produced 81 millimeter mortar.
Although more powerful guns that pose a danger do exist 
The main pre-war version was the M2A2, with 239 produced, becoming the main tank in the US Army infantry units in the pre-world-war-II period.
It was built by General Dynamics Land Systems Canada and is based on the Swiss MOWAG Piranha I 8×8 family of armored fighting vehicles.
Variable telescopic sights can be used if the operator wants more flexibility to shoot at varying ranges, or when a wide field of view is required.
The tank was operated by a driver and a commander who loaded and fired the gun.
The muzzle velocity of the Mauser-Milanović was 1,680 feet per second.
The FN 303's projectiles have been specifically designed to break up on impact, reducing risks of penetrating injuries.
US Air Force National Air and Space Intelligence Center estimates that as of June 2017 less than 10 launchers were operationally deployed.
RMK 30 cannons have been proposed as upgrade for the Bundeswehr's Tiger UHT attack helicopters.
It was a compact version of the Colt Model 1902 Sporting Model pistol derived from the original Colt M1900.
Other variants followed with different degrees of factory accurizing and materials.
The BTR-50, literally "armored transporter")  is a Soviet amphibious armored personnel carrier based on the PT-76 light tank.
Production of the Mark 33 was discontinued at the end of World War II, but its features were incorporated into the Mark 35 torpedo.
It was built by Royal Page Davidson and the cadets of the Northwestern Military and Naval Academy in Highland Park, Illinois.
However, because this tank was too weak to fight against the western tanks at that time, it was eventually set aside by the military.
The M2 Machine Gun or Browning .50 Caliber Machine Gun is a heavy machine gun designed toward the end of World War I by John Browning.
In the early 1960s, the USA experienced an increased interest in bow hunting.
During early World War II the ZIS-6 served as the chassis of the original "Stalin Organ" Katyusha multiple rocket launcher, the BM-13.
Production of the vehicle was stopped in 1944, at which time 8,345 had been built.
The MAG-95 is a Polish 9mm semi-automatic pistol.
The Schofield tank, named after its designer, was a New Zealand tank design of the Second World War.
The Pistolet modèle An XIII was designed to equip mounted units, each horseman using two pistols.
The Smith & Wesson Model 4506 is a third-generation semi-automatic pistol from Smith & Wesson's 4500 series of handguns.
The Type 93 Surface-to-air missile is a surface-to-air missile used by the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force.
The Black Shark is a heavyweight torpedo developed by WASS of Italy.
It can be carried and operated by one person, but an assistant gunner is usually employed.
The T90 is a heavy machine gun developed at the 205th Armory of Combined Service Forces, Ministry of Defense, Republic of China.
Designed for reconnaissance, and liaison between armoured units, it provided protection only against light arms fire, so was not a front line vehicle.
This weapon saw service in Africa and several are still in use today.
It is a commonly encountered tourist souvenir in that part of the world.
The Navy also expressed an interest in the design as an SLBM, but left the collaboration to work on their Polaris.
It can also be used as an anti-sea skimmer from a ship against low flying attacking missiles.
The term field of fire is mostly used in reference to machine guns.
The Carbine is intended as a shoulder weapon for police use, although it is available for sale to civilians as well.
Another batch of 84 improved Enoks with increased armor and weight were ordered in January 2015.
Legendary kris that possess supernatural power and extraordinary ability were mentioned in traditional folktales, such as those of Empu Gandring, Taming Sari, and Setan Kober.
It was followed by the heavier Type 90.
The tank was mass-produced starting in 1933 up until 1936, when it was replaced with the more modern T-38, based on the T-37A.
They had limited service in the British Army in World War II before being converted to the new 7.2-inch calibre.
However development was taken over in 1938 by Hanomag who designed the main production version, H kl 6.
During the 21st century the Arz4 missile was developed.
It bore no relation to the later 8-inch howitzer of the First World War, the Vickers 8-inch Mark VI to VIII howitzers which succeeded it.
These independent tank units could be attached to mechanized units, to support infantry operations and perform breakthroughs.
The device attaches under the barrel, the launcher trigger being in the rear of the launcher, just forward of the rifle magazine.
The Otter Light Reconnaissance Car was a light armoured car produced by Canada during the Second World War for British and Commonwealth.
This described all aircraft bombs in general service until the later half of World War II, and the vast majority until the late 1980s.
When the grenade was thrown, a linen tape with a curved lead weight on the end automatically unwrapped in flight, freeing a ball-bearing inside the fuze.
To fire the Model 953 you must grip the magazine housing and hold down the safety lever.
They were also used for fixed coastal defences around the United Kingdom and around the British Empire until the early years of the 20th Century.
Kondensator had an exceptionally short service life.
The Remington Model 742, also known as the Woodsmaster is a semi-automatic rifle that was produced by Remington Arms from 1960 until 1980.
The first models were built on a 4X2 Toyota Dyna chassis, which was subsequently replaced in production around 1994 by a more reliable Unimog chassis.
The Rifle, Anti-Tank, .55in, Boys commonly known as the "Boys Anti-tank Rifle", was a British anti-tank rifle in use during the Second World War.
The SIG MG50 is a general-purpose machine gun of Swiss origin and was chambered in many calibres.
It was developed by Mateba, based in Pavia, Italy.
Later, subtypes were produced with machine guns only, which were designated "Female", while the original version with the protruding 6-pounder was called "Male".
This sub-machine gun is manufactured by Productos Mendoza, S.A. in Mexico.
The later model 1936 was purchased by Bulgaria.
The Vijayanta was a main battle tank built in India based on a licensed design of the Vickers Mk.1.
It features the proprietary Benelli recoil system, known for its reliability and easy maintenance.
The P-3AT is a locked breech, double action only .380 ACP pistol introduced by Kel-Tec in 2003 and based on the P-32.
The Benelli Supernova is a pump action shotgun, popular for hunting and self-defense.
The Remington Model 521 TL Junior is a member of the Remington 500 series rifles.
A National Institute of Justice-funded project at Sandia National Laboratory developed a "gun" which could fire multiple shots of sticky foam.
Most of the surviving pieces were abandoned and destroyed before the Serbian retreat to Albania.
In 1963, the United States Secretary of Defense, Robert McNamara, convinced Kennedy to cancel Zeus.
It is the second of the BrahMos series of cruise missiles.
The weapons were automatically fired from the sonar range recorder at the proper moment.
The last styling of the Varmint model is known as the Kevlar model.
The Ames strain is one of 89 known strains of the anthrax bacterium.
The Vickers fired UK 12.7×81mm 50-calibre ammunition, not the better known US 12.7×99mm.
Early in 2010 and 2011, United States Marines recovered at least three from various Taliban weapons caches in Marjah.
Firing trials of the AGM-83A took place in 1971-1972, with successful results.
The MOWAG Shark is an armored personnel carrier produced by the MOWAG Motor Car Factory, Kreuzlingen, Switzerland.
The GRAU index of the Pecheneg is 6P41 or 6P41N when fitted with a mounting rail for a night vision sight.
The gun was upgraded and improved several times, first the Mark 2 in 1981 which drastically lowered the weight as well as introduced new servo stabilizers.
It is designed as a hiker and camper utility rifle, and appeals to the same market as the AR-7.
After its success, Agni missile program was separated from the IGMDP upon realizing its strategic importance.
The RAAD family of missiles is manufactured in Iran and based on the Soviet 9K11 Malyutka anti-tank guided missile with a range of a few kilometres.
This option differed from other proposals that would only restrict the use of intermediate-range delivery vehicles in the European theater.
It was made from 1953 to 1986 in both two- and four-inch barrel configurations.
The BTR-3 is an 8×8-wheeled armored personnel carrier was designed by Adcom Manufacturing from UAE in 2000/2001 and manufactured by KMDB in Ukraine.
The snake is the emblem of the South African Operational Medical Orderly who operate and use these vehicles.
Although produced as a smooth bore musket, most of the Model 1840s had their barrels rifled later, as the designers had anticipated.
The guidance unit at the front of the missile contains a daylight TV seeker that is the same one used on Qadr.
Another 100 vehicles were ordered with deliveries between 2006 and 2009.
They remained in service throughout the 1920s but did not take part in any combat, and were phased out during the 1930s.
SMS Friedrich Carl was a German armored cruiser built in the early 1900s for the Imperial German Navy.
Milan hosts two of Europe's major football teams, A.C. Milan and F.C.
Offered frame makes included standard steel, polished steel and blued steel.
Due to this development, the Mark 39 was considered obsolete and the remaining inventory was scrapped.
The rifle is notable for its portability; it is less than 21 inches in length when disassembled and weighs 3.25 pounds.
the early Today, the kampílan is portrayed in Filipino art and ancient tradition.
Some ceremonial zweihänder, called "bearing-swords" or "parade-swords" were much larger and weighed about 10 pounds.
Only two prototypes were built and sent to North Africa for troop trials.
The TK and TKS were Polish tankettes during the Second World War.
The RB-04C had a boost-sustain solid rocket motor and a SAP warhead that could be fitted with a contact or proximity fuse.
The impact fuze arms after a pyrotechnic delay of 1 to 1.8 seconds.
The Rifle, .303 Pattern 1914 was a British service rifle of the First World War period.
It is the newest derivative of the Russian AK-Pattern series of assault rifles and was proposed for possible general issue to the Russian Army.
The body of the mine is made of two glass reinforced polycarbonate halves, with the top surface having a central neoprene pressure pad.
Originally a naval gun, it was adapted for land service when its original ships began to be disarmed beginning in 1915.
Truax was a proponent of low-cost rocket engine and vehicle designs.
Although previously known as TABC-79, it is now known as the ABC-79M.
The Sonderkraftfahrzeug 8 was a German half-track that saw widespread use in World War II.
It was intended to be used to contaminate trenches, dug-outs, rooms, observation posts and small enclosures, and on cross-roads, narrow defiles, obstacles and debris of demolition.
The competition was named for the pararescuemen and combat rescue officers known as the "Guardian Angel Weapon System."
The RG-31 has become the multi-purpose vehicle of choice of the UN and other peacekeeping and security forces.
The mortar was widely used in the Vietnam War.
The bomb in the GBU-16 Paveway II is a 1,000 pound Mk 83 bomb.
The ends were exposed and were usually sharp, which made them effective for paralyzing and even killing enemies quickly and without leaving a trace.
It was derived from otsu-gou - an experimental machine gun which was a Type 11 turned on its side and fed from pan magazine.
Upgrades and design modifications, intended to counter new threats, extended its service life.
The Aegis has an aluminum frame, a black steel slide with a flat top, fluted rosewood grips, and tritium night sights.
It consisted of a spearhead mounted on a long shaft, usually wooden, with protrusions on the sides which aided in parrying sword thrusts.
It was launched in 2008 during the Africa Aerospace and Defence Exhibition, which took place at the Ysterplaat Air Force Base in Cape Town, South Africa.
The country placed an order with Ukraine's Engine design bureau to further upgrade the tanks with a new engine.
It entered service in 1942 and continued in production until 1945.
MAPATS is capable of day and night operation, while the gunner has to direct his laser designator on the target until the missile impacts.
The MIRACL laser first became operational in 1980.
They were replaced after the war by the Dodge M-series vehicles.
The Finnish designation for captured ROKS-2 units was liekinheitin M/41-r.
While the Rohrbaugh used a heel-magazine release at the base of the grip, the RM380 release is located at the rear of the trigger guard.
Later versions remained in service with British forces until early 1942.
The US also captured enough V-2 hardware to build approximately 80 of the missiles.
Although its external appearance resembles a compact M1911, the Firestar is different in several respects.
The Mk VI ordnance used only with a fixed mounting gave vastly increased performance.
Originally designed for hunting, like its predecessor the Armscor M1600, it is also used for pest-control.
The beam is then reshaped to a 14 x 14 cm square.
The Sieg automatic rifle was a bullpup automatic rifle designed by Chief Gunner's Mate James E. Sieg of the US Coast Guard.
The CEAM Modèle 1950 was a prototype assault rifle chambered in the .30 Carbine round.
The FP-45 Liberator is a pistol manufactured by the United States military during World War II for use by resistance forces in occupied territories.
AP, HE and incendiary projectiles were also available because the mine-shot was not capable of holding incendiary or tracer parts.
A large number of such weapons were found aboard the wreck of the Mary Rose.
However, due to greater weight and dimension of PL-8 missile, for F-7 and JH-7, PL-5 is still the preferable air-to-air missile at this stage.
The PLL-05 is a Chinese self-propelled gun-mortar in use by Chinese mechanised infantry formations.
Vidhwansak is an Indian multi-caliber anti-materiel rifle or large-caliber sniper rifle manufactured by Ordnance Factory Tiruchirappalli.
The weapon had a nominal yield of approximately 3 megatons.
The Austin K2/Y was generally regarded as having a widely spaced four-speed gearbox that needed to be "understood", but once mastered provided good service.
The model name was taken from the polymer of the same name.
The M10 tank destroyer was an American tank destroyer of World War II.
While one may attach the barrel to the frame, the trigger will not work, because rearward movement will stop against the feeding-ramp.
The weapon is based on the Uzi but with the magazine insert in front of the trigger group.
A total of 3,200 Fedorov rifles were manufactured between 1915 and 1924 in the city of Kovrov; the vast majority of them were made after 1920.
The Fiat 3000 was the first tank to be produced in series in Italy.
As a result, the British transferred 650 half-tracks to the Soviet Union under the Soviet Aid Program.
The system was developed in the 1970s for the South African Defence Force to clear military convoy routes of mines in Namibia and Angola.
Despite having the latter feature, the combination of a relative powerful cartridge and short barrel produced a flash comparable to that of a sawed-off shotgun.
The vehicle has a very good level of mine protection and can withstand explosions of up to 10 kilograms TNT.
FT-1: satellite guided 500 kg / 1000 lb bombs
The German army had encountered the Russian 122 mm guns and had issued a requirement for a similar weapon.
A large coil spring shoots the coin, while a second smaller spring located in the breech gives the impression of recoil from an automatic slide.
It would have combined a 35 mm grenade launcher with a 5.56×45mm NATO assault rifle, both in a bullpup configuration, complete with targeting aids.
The Panhard M3 VTT, armoured personnel carrier was designed as a private venture with the first prototype completed in 1969.
But if someone wants to invade Iran, they will face a crushing response by the armed forces."
These weapons are set off by that are activated when the weapon strikes the ground or something equally hard, such as a concrete building.
The turret bustle of late series light and medium tanks was designed around this radio.
The system was to be installed on the Namer armoured personnel carrier.
The Maguindanao and the Maranao of mainland Mindanao preferred this weapon as opposed to the Tausūg of Sulu who favoured the barung.
According to its characteristics it compete against the 9A-91, AS Val and SR-3M, but lacks in utilization.
Functionally, the Raging Bull has a manually operated front cylinder latch, whose release can be seen on the crane.
After 1940, the Wehrmacht designated this as the 7.5 cm FK 235(b), armed occupation forces in Belgium with them and handed some over to the Hungarians.
The missile is named after the tomahawk, a one-handed axe used by the Native Americans.
The State of Ohio purchased 500 of the .36 Caliber Navy version for $20 each.
The Little Boy was a development of the unsuccessful Thin Man nuclear bomb.
The type was used by the Irish Army in towed form, and experimentally fitted to the chassis of a Comet tank in place of the turret.
It was used in synchronized applications in fighter cowls and in wing gun applications.
In the system of Johannes Liechtenauer, according to Ms. Nürnberger Handschrift GNM 3227a, it is identified with vom tage as one of the four basic wards.
It retains a 50g manoeuvrability provided by body lift technology coupled with tail control.
The Bauer Automatic is an American-made copy of the Baby Browning.
It was the favorite weapon of choice in a deer hunt.
The crew cabin is also located in the front part of the vehicle.
The vehicle was a possible Joint Light Tactical Vehicle candidate, but was not selected.
A shotgun-style tang safety works on the hammer and sear.
The vehicle can carry eight personnel including the driver, and has a 0.5-inch thick armour that can provide protection against 7.62mm armour-piercing ammunition.
It was not modernized for motor towing and retained its original wooden spoked tires and two crew seats on the face of the gun shield.
Support will continue for all previously sold rifles.
As installed in the underwing gun pods of the Il-2 it was known as ShFK-37.
They were replaced by the improved M45 SLBM missile which is currently in active service aboard the
In Iran, the Hwasong-5 was produced as the Shahab-1.
The Borchardt C-93 pistol was designed by Hugo Borchardt in 1893.
It was designed by General Dynamics European Land Systems - Mowag GmbH.
The T-15 is expected to replace the BMP-2 and MT-LB based platforms of the Russian Ground Forces.
The latter models by Bryco were made of Zamak.
The SU-100 was a Soviet tank destroyer armed with a powerful 100 mm anti-tank gun in a casemate superstructure.
The Strv 103 was designed and manufactured in Sweden.
It was a single-shot weapon which fired a 14.5×114mm round.
The Panzer I was a light tank produced in Germany in the 1930s.
It was designed to provide a similar vehicle to the M2 Half Track Car.
The CQBR features a barrel 10.3 in length, similar to the Colt Commando short-barrel M16 variants of the past.
Alternatively, LT PGB is also referred by its laser guidance, as Fury laser-guided bomb, or LT LGB.
However, during World War I it started to be used as a field howitzer as well.
The Shaheen-II is a land-based supersonic surface-to-surface medium-range guided ballistic missile.
The ATM 2000 and ATM 2000E are Austrian plastic cased anti-vehicle mines using Misznay Schardin effect warhead.
The bomb has been used in the Russian military campaign in Chechnya.
The Springfield Model 1868 was one of several model "trapdoor Springfields", which used the trapdoor breechblock design developed by Erskine S. Allin.
It is the largest vehicle in Force Protection's line-up, followed by the Cougar MRAP and the Ocelot light protected patrol vehicle.
The A-545 is a successor variant of the AEK-971 that was announced on 23 December 2014, which features numerous internal and external improvements over its predecessor.
Originally developed by the Soviet Union under the GRAU designation 9K330, the system is commonly known by its NATO reporting name, SA-15 "Gauntlet".
The ejector design had to be modified from that of the standard Model 700 to allow for the larger rim of the .338 Lapua cartridge.
The Fort 17 is a semi-automatic pistol which was designed in the 2004 by Ukrainian firearms designer RPC Fort.
The model 522 Viper is a semi-automatic rifle chambered for the .22 Long Rifle cartridge.
In November 1941, development began on an anti-aircraft version of the Type 98 with a 20 mm AA gun.
Until the early 1970s Czechoslovakia produced around 4,500 OT-64 SKOTs of all variants, just under a third of which were exported.
A net gun is currently also in development for riot control.
The QF 4-inch gun Mks I, II, III were early British QF naval guns originating in 1895.
There is also a model with a collapsible stock.
This is one of the world's longest range mortars achieving a range of 16 km with rocket-assisted munitions and can be used alongside tube artillery.
The Ordnance BL 12 pounder 7cwt was the British Army's field gun, which succeed the RML 13 pounder 8 cwt in 1885.
The M28 was advertised as being suitable for use for hunting and rescue work, as well as for general shooting of lines.
It was revealed publicly for first time in 2015.
The frame is aluminum alloy and synthetic glass-filled polymer finished in matte black with Synergistic Hard Coat.
The tekpi is a short-handled trident from Southeast Asia.
The Ranger mine laying system could also be fitted to a four-tonne truck, Stalwart High Mobility Load Carrier and the combat support boat
It served until 1952, when it was replaced by the Makarov pistol.
Other variants add infrared homing or laser guidance to increase accuracy; there are also versions with 125-kilogram, 500-kilogram or 1,000-kilogram bomb bodies.
The Barrett XM500 is a gas-operated, semi-automatic sniper rifle/anti-materiel rifle currently in development by the Barrett Firearms Company.
In 2006 KMZ ceased all military production, but small batches of the AEK-999 were manufactured by KMZ before 2006 for Russian MVD troops.
The Russian Navy confirmed in 2014 that the system was now in use.
The mortar continued to be used by France after the war until at least the 1960s.
The mortar has been used by many countries' armed forces.
The Indian Navy plans to produce 73 of these torpedoes for its use.
"9K333" is the Russian GRAU designation of the system.
It was in production for only short time from 1941 to 1942 before being replaced by RG-42.
The original design had a range of 250 km, which was later increased to 480 km.
It has no applied safety and is fitted with RPA Vernier scaled aperture sights.
The Heuschrecke featured a removable turret which could be deployed as a pillbox or towed behind the vehicle as an artillery piece.
GB-8 was intended as a clear-weather, good-visibility weapon to attack heavily defended targets.
The TN 753 is a hand thrown fragmentation grenade.
It is also fitted as standard with a trim vane and bilge pumps to assist with the flotation process.
TP-82s were carried regularly on Soviet and Russian space missions from 1986 to 2006.
The S&W Model 19 is a revolver produced by Smith & Wesson on its K-frame.
For transport it broke down into three animal carts.
H. W. Allen, Jr. revolutionized the archery industry worldwide with the invention and patent of the compound bow in the 1960s.
4 Mk I, designed in response to a requirement for a shorter, lighter, rifle for airborne forces in Europe.
It mounted a 155 mm gun derived from the French Canon de 155mm GPF field gun.
The US Army, Navy and Marine Corps plan to buy thousands of JAGMs.
The XM8 was the military designation for a lightweight assault rifle system from the late 1990s to early 2000s.
The Spartan 453 is inexpensive compared to other semi-automatic shotguns.
The United States Navy hosted a 50th anniversary celebration of its existence in 2002.
The Textron TAPV is an armoured car currently in use by the Canadian Army.
Iron Beam will use a "directed high energy laser beam" to destroy hostile targets with ranges of up to 7 kilometres.
                
The ACEC Cobra is a tracked armored personnel carrier with amphibious capabilities, similar in concept to the BTR-50.
It is based on the North Korean Hwasong-6.
The program was code named "Number 8 Project" and formally started on September 15, 1983.
The pistol's reputation and looks have made it popular in cinema and novels and several versions are listed as "Curios and Relics" by the BATFE.
    {\displaystyle V_{1}=19.72\left[{\frac {7800d^{3}\left[\left({\frac {e_{h}}{d}}\right)\sec \theta \right]^{1.6}}{W_{T}}}\right]^{0.5}}
It is used within the brigade to provide means to receive information, analyze and transmit data, and control forces carrying out combat missions.
It remained in use until 1902 when replaced by more modern Breech Loading guns.
A common myth is that the Treaty of Versailles banned the production and use of the MP 18 by Germany.
The Australian Light Armoured Vehicle is an Australian light armoured vehicle designed and manufactured by General Dynamics Land Systems Canada.
A single T-54 was sent to the United States for upgrading.
The round contains an infrared imaging sensor that it uses to guide itself onto any tank or armoured fighting vehicle in the vicinity where it lands.
It was capable of firing a 3.5 in × 23.6 in shell 54,474 ft horizontally, or a maximum altitude of 39,500 ft.
The CAESAR platform was developed by the former GIAT Industries and is operated by the French, Indonesian, Saudi Arabian, and Thai militaries.
The firearm is stamped from 2 pieces of sheet metal which are shaped with integral rear pistol grip and magazine housing.
Like these designs, it mounts a rifled 105mm gun.
It was introduced at the International Defence Exhibition and Seminar.
The Super Energa used a rocket booster to extend the grenade's range to 550 meters.
Many 1377 owners report success with only a few pumps, and the lower velocity is accompanied by lower noise, often an advantage for those shooting indoors.
The WG66 is a submachine gun of East German origin.
The Saurer CM2 was also built by Berna and FBW under their own names.
The Vigneron is a submachine gun manufactured in Belgium during the 1950s.
It was exported for use by armed forces of Thailand, who remains the only user.
German tanks at that time were rarely used in KV encounters as their armament was too poor to deal with the "Russischer Koloss" - "Russian Colossus".
It would not only inherit the World War II GMC CCKW's famous "Deuce and a Half" nickname but forge its own legacy.
Both the PC9 and the PC4 are patterned after the highly successful Ruger 10/22 carbine.
The Steyr ADGZ was originally developed as a heavy armored car for the Austrian army from 1934 and delivered from 1935-37.
Browning died in 1926, several years before the design was finalized.
TOMA can be integrated on to different type of chassis such as 4x4, 4x2, 6x4, 6x2 and 6x6.
Also, by flying to the general area of the target, the engagement time was dramatically reduced, giving the target less time to respond.
The Humvee's widespread use in the Gulf War of 1991, where it negotiated the treacherous desert terrain, helped inspire civilian Hummer versions.
The kammerlader was introduced in 1842, and it is thought that about 40,000 were manufactured until about 1870.
It is based on the FN FNC rifle but modified in order to meet ergonomic and tropical environment needs.
OSS head Bill Donovan demonstrated the pistol to President Franklin Roosevelt inside the Oval Office.
Many of the Mark 23s were scrapped or converted to Mark 14s, while other units were cannibalized for spare parts.
The M9 served for a significant amount of time.
The BA-11 was a heavy armored car designed based on a strengthened Zis-6k chassis.
Mons Meg is a medieval bombard in the collection of the Royal Armouries, but on loan to Historic Scotland and located at Edinburgh Castle in Scotland.
The first version was produced in 1983 and serial production began in 1984.
Because production was initiated late in 1937, not enough MAS-36 rifles were available to arm French infantry when the war broke out in September 1939.
A separate sighting system is added to rifles fitted with the M203, as the rifle's standard sights are not matched to the launcher.
On the collector market in the United States, the Type I rifle is uncommon but not particularly popular among collectors.
"New Nambu" was named after Kijirō Nambu, a notable firearm designer and the founder of the predecessor of Shin-Chuō Industries.
This makes it a favorite of Spanish security personnel
This office received the Nobel Peace Prize for 1938.
Each regiment originally had a close reconnaissance squadron of five troops, each containing eight FV107 Scimitars.
In 1962, she was bought by John Wayne and went through a major renovation.
The PL-5 air-to-air missile is a short-range, Infrared homing missile use by Chinese fighters.
The MMEV project was canceled in 2007.
SRAM was designed to replace the older AGM-28 Hound Dog standoff missile which was tasked with the same basic role.
Those few guns that were captured from the Italians by the Germans after the Italian surrender in 1943 were designated as 10.5 cm Kanone 320(i).
The blowback operation was violent, and often resulted in poor primary extraction.
The Hales Rifle Grenade is the name for several rifle grenade used by British forces during World War I.
The designer, Sergei Simonov, began his work with a gas-operated self-loading rifle in 1930.
The Type 99 81 mm mortar is typical of the Stokes-Brandt type mortar.
As of 2014, about 5,000 missiles are being produced every year while an advanced variant is under development with enhanced range and accuracy.
The Type 97 81 mm infantry mortar was a Japanese mortar used primary by Imperial Japanese Army during World War II.
The Fayetteville Rifle was a 2 banded rifled musket of rifle length produced at the Confederate States Arsenal in Fayetteville, North Carolina.
The Air Force suggested they close this missile gap by building more ICBMs of their own instead.
The first versions only relied on these four fins but it was found that the missile is too unstable.
Usually it is the switchblade type but there are step-lock types available as well.
The tank's drive system provides a 550 km range, with a maximum road speed of 59 km/h.
Some Model 1812 muskets were later converted to percussion lock firing mechanisms.
This rifle was developed between 2000 and 2004 and the first selected units in the Polish army apparently received Wilk/Tor rifles in around 2005 onwards.
It was routinely issued to Italian colonial troops, alongside the Mannlicher M1895 rifle.
It was also known, especially later, as the kontos; meaning literally "barge-pole"; the name possibly originated as a slang term for the weapon.
The eight-wheel APC is an all-climate, all-terrain vehicle capable of long-range amphibious operations.
The earliest samples are widely publicized in China, in photographs showing it's been carried by Nanchang Q-5.
Hauteclere is the sword of Olivier, a character in the French epic "The Song of Roland".
This article covers the anti-personnel rifle-calibre gun.
The cannon used shell cartridges for ammunition.
Dawsar heavy armored personal carrier developed by King Abdullah Design and Development Bureau .It is conversion of Tariq main battle tank.
The Morris-Martel was a British inter-war tankette developed from prototypes designed by Lieutenant-General Sir Giffard Le Quesne Martel.
The Heckler & Koch HK417 is a battle rifle designed and manufactured by Heckler & Koch in Germany.
The Leylands served with the Irish Army until 1972 and with the reserve An Fórsa Cosanta Áitiúil until the early 1980s.
Its overall appearance has remained consistent since 1873.
Gladius was one Latin word for sword, and is used to represent the primary sword of Ancient Roman foot soldiers.
Many new project management techniques were introduced during the development of the Polaris missile program, to deal with the inherent system complexity.
The carrier was the Dassault Mirage IV, although some reports suggest the Sud Aviation Vautour could also carry this bomb.
The Cadillac Gage Peacekeeper II is a four-wheeled, lightly armoured vehicle, developed by Textron Marine and Land Systems.
These were harder to forge and were a status symbol to their owners.
The 10.5 cm FlaK 38 was a German anti-aircraft gun used during World War II by the Luftwaffe.
Often referred to in its native Marathi as a dandpatta, it is commonly called a gauntlet-sword in English.
The Finns purchased twenty weapons after the end of the Winter War.
Until 27 February 1944, it was designated as the Panzerkampfwagen V Panther when Hitler ordered that the Roman numeral "V" be deleted.
It was in development as of 2011.
The BL 7.5-inch gun Mk I was a British 45-calibre, medium-velocity, naval gun which entered service with the Royal Navy in 1905.
The variant Zelzal-3B has smaller warhead and a range of 250 km.
Gabbeh rugs are the best-known type of carpet from this line of tradition.
is an amphibious specialist armoured vehicle of the British Army and has been in general service since 1976.
The weapon was widely used by the Iraqi Army during the Iran–Iraq War and the Gulf War of 1991.
The PLZ-07 self-propelled howitzer was first unveiled to the public during the military parade celebrating 60th anniversary of the PLA on 1 October 2009.
Also known as 'The Millimetre Gun', it was used by the West African Frontier Force in several theatres in Africa during World War I.
This rifle is also often referred to as a Type 44 Carbine.
Postwar trials found Squid was nine times more effective than conventional depth charges.
The 13 pounder 9 cwt anti-aircraft gun became the standard mobile British anti-aircraft gun of the World War I era, especially in theatres outside Britain.
Her wartime career was cut short on 17 November when she struck a pair of Russian mines off Memel at 55°41′N 20°11′E.
Several European armed forces have or are currently replacing older M109s with the German PzH 2000.
The RT-20 is a Croatian anti-materiel sniper rifle developed by Metallic in Rijeka in the mid-1990s and marketed by RH-Alan.
It succeeds the JL-1 SLBM deployed on the Type 092 submarine.
It was only operated by the Bundeswehr.
The gun was also used by the armed forces of many nations.
It was developed on orders from the Imperial Japanese Army.
Device number 10 can now be seen at the Tula arms museum.
The Trident D5LE version will remain in service until 2042.
The MP-448 Skyph - a Russian pistol that was developed during the late 1990s by engineer-constructor and weapon designer Dmitry Bogdanov.
The weapon is found in two variants, the original M82A1 and the bullpup M82A2.
This version was named the KG-99 and it is this gun that was offered in an open bolt submachine gun configuration designated the MP-9.
It is planned to make an appearance at the Russian Arms Expo in September 2015.
They were finally retired from the NTC in 2003.
It is of a similar family and similar generation as the, Bison APC, USMC LAV-25 and the Australian ASLAV.
The Berezin B-20 was a 20 mm caliber autocannon used by Soviet aircraft in World War II.
They were manufactured by the Gamages department store in Central London and cost just £6 17s 6d to make.
Two prototypes were completed before the project was cancelled in 1958 in favor of the Object 430 Project.
The WKW Tor or Wilk is a modern anti-materiel and/or sniper rifle which is being produced in Poland by factory Zakłady Mechaniczne Tarnów.
It was based on the Winchester Model 1300 and used many similar features such as the ported barrel.
During the 1920s, the Dutch rebuilt their guns to increase their elevation.
It has a bolt release identical in location and function to the one on the M16.
"Fat Man" was the codename for the atomic bomb that was detonated over the Japanese city of Nagasaki by the United States on 9 August 1945.
The SAN 511, formerly OM 50 Nemesis, is a bolt action sniper rifle made by Swiss manufacturer Swiss Arms.
It was replaced by MGM-140 ATACMS, which was initially intended to likewise have a nuclear capability during the Cold War.
Both versions could have been had with either the 100 mm or 153 mm barrel.
With the cancellation of the U.S. Crusader and Non-Line-of-Sight Cannon, the M109A6 will remain the principal self-propelled howitzer for the U.S. for the foreseeable future.
During the 1980s, Smith & Wesson developed its K/L-Frame line of .357 Magnums: the Model 581, Model 586, Model 681 and Model 686.
Behind, in sky, was the white cloud against which its black form had been sharply outlined, but there was no more crow.
The gun was initially developed by the French arms manufacturer Schneider, but afterwards was built by Putilovski Works in Saint Petersburg.
It was possible to adapt the Martel ARM to be used against different wavelength radars.
High-pressure propellant was stored in another, smaller container attached to the fuel tank.
The MK 108 was a 30 mm caliber autocannon manufactured in Germany during World War II by Rheinmetall‑Borsig for use in aircraft.
The weapon was most likely only designed at Knorr-Bremse but manufactured in Waffenfabrik Steyr.
The missiles are planned to be deployed on KDX-II and KDX-III destroyers starting in 2010.
The Future Tactical Truck System was a United States Armed Forces program for which the Operational Requirements Document was drawn up during 2003.
A major effort to improve Redstone's reliability produced one of the most reliable rockets of the era.
The only known major operator of the system to date is the Finnish Army, which ordered 7 units in 1990.
The Model 77E was a short-barreled pump-action shotgun known variously as the "trench" or "riot" shotgun.
Fliegerabwehrpanzer 68 was a Swiss self-propelled anti-aircraft gun which was tested but did not enter service.
It was the first armoured vehicle designed in China without Soviet assistance.
The Mark IX tank was a British armoured fighting vehicle from the First World War.
In the aftermath, the two portions of the OICW were separated, resulting in the XM8 and XM25 projects.
The Llama M82 is a pistol produced by the Spanish firm Llama - Gabilondo y Cía.
The 7.5 cm Feldkanone 7M85 was a field gun used by Germany in World War II.
The design was begun during World War I, but the first prototype was completed as the war ended.
23, Israeli Uzi and a great number of other submachine guns.
The weapon was chambered for the .30-06 round, fed from double drum magazines.
For most of their history they were operated by the United States Army Coast Artillery Corps.
The SPR-1 and SPR-3 are chambered for the 7.62×51mm NATO cartridge while the SPR-2 is chambered for the .50 BMG cartridge.
It was first equipped with the Steyr SP 3E/300 turret, and later with the Oerlikon GBA COA turret.
This rifle loads cartridges from a 5 or 10-round capacity, detachable box magazine located immediately forward of the trigger guard.
There were also different cartridges, with a later version offering better penetration.
The two companies formed a joint development project in 1964 and later founded the Euromissile company for this and other missile programs.
The main body of the round holds dual-purpose anti-tank/anti-personnel submunitions.
It has a range of up to 2,500 km and can carry nuclear warheads.
A lombard, also known as a lonbarda, wallbreaker, or quebrantamuro, was a smoothbore cannon used in the early Renaissance in Spain and Italy.
The BUL Cherokee is a polymer framed semi-automatic pistol made by Israeli firearms manufacturer BUL Transmark and is based on the Czech-designed CZ 75.
Total production was around 10,000 vehicles, less than 600 remain in the reserves of a number of countries.
The map board can be removed from the vehicle and hung from the tent poles, along with overhead lights connected to the Sultan's power supply.
The L42A1 was a British Army, Royal Marines and RAF Regiment sniper rifle chambered for the 7.62mm NATO cartridge which entered service in 1970.
An example was discovered in 1941 in Sweden dating from the 16th century, but seems to be similar to earlier models.
The series included weapon carriers, telephone installation trucks, ambulances, reconnaissance vehicles, mobile workshops and command cars.
has the direction of the Line of sight.
Gas pistols are also used in weapons training, and as starting pistols, flare guns, and movie props.
It was developed in the 1950s and first issued for general service from 1966 and then onwards.
It has been used in combat by the United States military in Afghanistan.
E13TP is available in layouts 6×6 and 8×8.
The Vepr was announced in 2003 as the first indigenous Ukrainian assault rifle, designed by the National Space Agency of Ukraine.
The ASM-135 was carried exclusively by the United States Air Force's F-15 Eagle fighter aircraft.
This kind of technology was developed by primitive humans at least 400,000 years ago—long before flint or stone points.
The P-96 is a Russian 9 mm semi-automatic pistol designed by the KBP Instrument Design Bureau for the Russian Armed Forces.
BMP stands for Boyevaya Mashina Pekhoty 1, meaning "infantry fighting vehicle".
The 1922M2 variant was introduced in 1933.
IOF .32 Revolver is a 6-shot handgun designed and manufactured by the Ordnance Factories Organization in India and is meant for short range.
During the coronation ceremony the King is handed the sword by a Brahmin, straps it onto his belt himself.
      
After 2013 trials, completion of a second-generation APS would be completed within a few years.
A total of 13,102 Austin K2/Y ambulances were built at the company's Longbridge plant almost continuously from 1940 until the war ended.
These submachine guns were designed and produced in the Estonian military equipment factory "Arsenal" in Karjamaa, Tallinn, but production was not more than 600 units.
The proliferation of high-quality body armour has begun to make guns that fire pistol ammunition ineffective.
Chief Engineer Wernher von Braun personally witnessed this historic launch and detonation.
It became obsolete with the development of anti-aircraft missiles and was phased out after 1954.
Optional accessories from Marlin include 7 and 10-round nickel plated metal magazines.
The first one acts as a Mine Detection Vehicle.
The Type 97 fixed machine gun was the standard fixed light machine gun on aircraft of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II.
Initially called Ordnance BL 6.5" Mk I, it was later renamed 165mm L9 Demolition Gun.
The gun was designed in 1910 by the Webley & Scott company.
The first successful flight of a highly instrumented Atlas missile to full range occurred 28 November 1958.
The DT10 is available in several guises, the base DT10, a DT10L with enhanced engraving and the DT10EELL, a sideplate deluxe version.
The AUPO round was "semi-caseless" because the hollow base of the bullet detached from the bullet itself after firing.
It is a land-based variant of the submarine-launched JL-2.
Known by its manufacturer AB Landsverk as Lago II-III-IV, it fielded a 75 mm L/34 gun, the first of its size in a Swedish tank.
The Blue Shark torpedo can be deployed from surface ships, ASW helicopters and maritime patrol aircraft.
Its role in the 2nd ACR was eventually taken by the M1128 Mobile Gun System.
The FAMAE FT-2000 is a double-action, .38 Special, solid frame revolver produced in Chile.
The weapon is modular because it can integrate different types of guidance units and different types of bombs.
Rossignol developed the new impingment system, and modified the Friberg-Kjellman system of opposing, retractable bolt lugs for this experimental rifle.
Development began in 1971, and ceased in 1973 with the weapon never having been fielded.
It was based on the Henschel VK30.01 chassis and armed with a Rheinmetall 12.8 cm K L/61 gun.
The Lightweight Medium Machine Gun is a prototype machine gun being developed by General Dynamics.
The mines were sold widely and copies were produced in several countries including Greece, India, South Korea and Turkey.
Total production only amounted to four vehicles.
Both maritime and land-based versions of the system exist.
Other potential warheads include cluster and an anti-tank mine dispenser.
Despite the name, the FNAR is not an "AR" type rifle.
It was isolated from a diseased 14-month-old Beefmaster heifer that died in Sarita, Texas in 1981.
Warhead was a single 300 kiloton TN 81 for ASMP, and a single 300 kiloton Airborne Nuclear Warhead for ASMPA.
First invented in the 19th century, it gained its widest use in Germany during the Second World War.
Basir is an Iranian artillery fired laser-guided, 155 mm explosive projectile designed to destroy enemy tanks, vehicles and other moving or non-moving targets with high precision.
Mainly used as a sporting arm, it is also found in service with security companies.
A distinctive feature of the Krag–Jørgensen action was its magazine.
An improved version with a high velocity gun became the Comet tank.
The Stielhandgranate was a German hand grenade of unique design.
It mounted a 3-inch Gun M7 in a rotating turret on a modified M4A2 Sherman tank chassis.
It came out of a British Military request for a multi-shot riot control weapon to replace the single-shot Federal Riot Gun.
It was originally developed for the Italian Army, and was designed to shoot the .338 Lapua cartridge.
The Winchester Model 1911 SL Shotgun was a self-loading, recoil-operated shotgun produced by the Winchester Repeating Arms Company from 1911 to 1925.
The special rounds for launching harpoons were manufactured until the mid-1970s.
The M4 Sherman evolved from the M3 Medium Tank, which had its main armament in a side sponson mount.
It was introduced in 1903 and fired the 9×20mmSR Browning Long cartridge.
It was manufactured from 1990 to 1994.
What was unique about this endeavor was that Australia had never designed or manufactured its own commercial gas-operated semi-automatic rifle.
The RPG-43 had a penetration of around 75 mm of rolled homogeneous armour at a 90 degree angle.
As a neutral nation in World War II Sweden did not engage in combat; thus its tanks have no battlefield record.
The M142 High Mobility Artillery Rocket System is a U.S. light multiple rocket launcher mounted on a standard Army Medium Tactical Vehicle truck frame.
During field trials in 1919 and 1927, the rifle was demonstrated by the designer.
The Jangchang, literally long spear, is a Korean weapon first described in the martial manual Muyejebo from the 16th century.
Initially, P238 pistols had standard sights with night sights as a more expensive option.
The Remington Model 660 is a bolt-action rifle manufactured by Remington Arms from 1968 to 1971.
The AMX-30E is a Spanish main battle tank based on France's AMX-30.
The pistol was originally designed for the 7.63 Mauser cartridge, but was soon changed to the proprietary 9mm Bergmann cartridge.
They were also mounted on various wheeled carriages to provide the British Army with a long range gun.
The vehicle was a replacement to the aging Type 88 introduced in the late 1980s.
Marketed as an introductory air rifle for plinking, hunting and firearm training.
Consequently, it is not carried in a sheath but across the shoulder like a halberd.
The Khrizantema is a Russian anti-tank missile.
In missile guidance, Line of sight is the straight line between the missile and the target.
The cannon owes its alias to French president and emperor Napoleon III.
The vehicle was used by regular units in 1940 and British Home Guard units until 1942.
The T30 Howitzer Motor Carriage was a United States Army self-propelled gun used in World War II.
The FV603 Saracen is a six-wheeled armoured personnel carrier built by Alvis and used by the British Army.
The proper title of the gun under the Japanese naval artillery naming system is 12 cm/45 3rd Year Type naval gun.
Other barrel lengths were available either by special order from Smith & Wesson's Custom Shop or custom built by gunsmiths.
The new Leopard 2 Marksman is to enter service in 2016.
In its Russian designation РТ stands for "ракета твердотопливная", raketa tverdotoplivnaya, while УТТХ – for "улучшенные тактико-технические характеристики," uluchshenniye taktiko-tekhnicheskie kharakteristiki.
A pivot gun was a type of cannon mounted on a fixed central emplacement which permitted it to be moved through a wide horizontal arc.
It is manufactured by the U.S. defense contractor Raytheon and derives its name from the radar component of the weapon system.
The German Army uses the YAK for a variety of roles.
The missile is transported in a cuboid container that also acts as a launcher.
After 1938, the Wehrmacht designated the few built as 15 cm GebH 18(t), although it's uncertain if they were actually used.
The Kalashnikov AK-12 is a Russian 5.45×39mm assault rifle, designed and manufactured by Izhmash.
Its contemporary name was the 8.8 cm K.Zugflak L/45.
Rights to the design were also sold to the United States via the FMC Corporation.
The ōtsuchi had a shaft of about 6 feet much like the ono.
The Model 1905 was a conventional artillery piece for its time, except for a lack of a gun shield for the crew.
The .380 ACP chambered version was used by the Hungarian Army, while the .32 ACP version was supplied to Hungary's German allies during World War II.
In the United States, the guns are marketed for concealed carry and personal protection.
The UGM-73 Poseidon missile was the second US Navy nuclear-armed submarine-launched ballistic missile system, powered by a two-stage solid-fuel rocket.
The ground vehicles were to be based on a common tracked vehicle chassis.
The Jatimatic was manufactured in very limited numbers initially by Tampereen Asepaja Oy of Tampere and later—Oy Golden Gun Ltd.
It is a direct rival to the FN P90, also developed in response to NATO's requirement.
The cannon is used on military vehicles of German origin, like the Marder infantry fighting vehicle, the Spähpanzer Luchs and some variants of the Wiesel AWC.
The T-23 was a prototype tankette developed by the Soviet Union during the interwar period.
The most extensive use of Gribeauval guns was during the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars.
The Smith Gun was an ad hoc anti-tank artillery piece used by the British Army and Home Guard during the Second World War.
The Wiesel has been used in several of the Bundeswehr's missions abroad.
It used the same carriage as 210 mm gun M1939 as well as the same firing platform and control mechanism.
The AMX-10RC is usually used for reconnaissance missions in dangerous environments or for fire support.
They were the first modern fragmentation grenades used by the British Army and saw widespread use in WWI.
The tubes were designed to be weatherproof and capable of storing torpedoes for long periods, but this is only practical with regular maintenance.
Vegetius mentions the spiculum in his military manual, but some scholars maintain that the spiculum was simply a different name for the pilum.
They are waterproof and are non-buoyant, and have a shelf life of ten years.
The 40M Nimród was a World War II Hungarian self-propelled anti-aircraft gun based on a license-built copy of the Swedish Luftvärnskanonvagn L-62 Anti II tank.
It is popular with civilian shooters in competitive events such as USPSA, IDPA, International Practical Shooting Confederation, and Bullseye shooting.
The M3 Lee, officially Medium Tank, M3, was an American medium tank used during World War II.
The system is designed to protect stationary or mobile targets from anti-tank weapons with flat or diving trajectories using various types of guidance systems and warheads.
It is manufactured by Steyr Sportwaffen GmbH of Austria.
Considered to be of high quality, the Lahti was well manufactured and worked reliably in cold conditions or when fouled.
As a pistol largely based on the Colt 1911 and using 9 mm rounds, it is highly prized among collectors of firearms.
The M2's features included an unusually large number of machine guns, bullet deflector plates, and sloped armor on the hull front.
Currently it is in service with the Czech Republic, Libya, Poland, Georgia and Slovakia.
It used rocket braking over the target and a second rocket burst to plunge through the runway surface and explode.
Per United States Army Field Manual 5-250 section 1-14, page 1-12 "b.
It was originally developed by Texas Instruments as a replacement for the AGM-45 Shrike and AGM-78 Standard ARM system.
The weapon design is similar to that of the Thompson submachine gun, except that it is gas operated.
It is one of five missile systems developed by the Defence Research and Development Organisation under the Integrated Guided Missile Development Program.
Only a small number were used, in the undercover unit Sayeret Duvdevan.
The M1919 saw service as a light infantry, coaxial, mounted, aircraft, and anti-aircraft machine gun by the U.S. and many other countries.
Its last significant use in battle was seen in the Vietnam War, used by the National Front for the Liberation of South Vietnam.
The KS-19 is a heavy towed anti aircraft gun that has largely disappeared from front line arsenals due to increased use of more effective surface-to-air missiles.
A secondary weapon, a 12.7 mm machine gun and a hand-held Rocket-propelled grenade launcher completes the weaponry set.
The Model 1918/30 was also manufactured in Argentina by Hafdasa as the C-1, which formed the basis of the Ballester-Riguard submachine gun.
The weapon was first unveiled at the 2011 Paris Air Show.
Some attempt was made to stabilize Soviet tank guns as early as 1938.
The missile was normally armed with a conventional high-explosive warhead, although it could be fitted with a one-megaton nuclear warhead.
By 1973, it had been branded a failure and retired by the US Army, but some released as surplus continue to be used by police departments.
The gun was intended for destruction of light field fortifications and openly placed personnel by direct fire.
The grenade was also very effective as an anti-personnel and incendiary weapon.
The missile was an ambitious project since the target was to ultimately develop it into hypersonic missile.
It weighs from two to three pounds, and is 36 to 39 inches long.
Approximately 300 were produced and it saw only limited action, most notably in the Me 410 A-1/U4 aircraft that served with the II.
The company was otherwise known as Madsen after its founder Vilhelm Herman Oluf Madsen.
The Type 91 Hand Grenade was an improved version of the Type 10 fragmentation hand grenade/rifle grenade of the Imperial Japanese Army.
6 was an enormous machine and was planned to be built in substantial numbers.
The "Armata" Universal Combat Platform is a Russian prototype of an advanced next generation heavy military tracked vehicle platform.
This prevents unexploded MAT-120 submunitions from laying around becoming de facto landmines, dangerous to both combatants and non-combatants.
The SIG Sauer 522 LR is a .22 LR semi-automatic, blowback operated rifle.
It is a common law enforcement sniper rifle in both Europe and the United States.
The Ford Falcon is a full-sized car produced by Ford Australia from 2002 to 2005.
Ruger rimfire pistols are some of the most popular handguns made, with over three million sold.
Brimstone is an air-launched ground attack missile developed by MBDA for Britain's Royal Air Force.
It is developed by Military Technical Institute Belgrade who has longtime experience in developing MLRS systems including most powerful at time of development 262mm M-87 Orkan.
The Madsen LAR was a battle rifle of Danish origin chambered in the 7.62×51mm NATO caliber.
It was generally horse drawn until mechanisation in the 1930s.
All of the Nike projects were led by Bell Labs, due to their early work in radar guidance systems during World War II.
It takes about half a day to create a 100-metre deck.
It is a robust piece that focuses on the essential features of a towed field gun suitable for all conditions.
The pressure plate has eight triangular raised sectors, and a central fuze cap.
The FV4201 Chieftain was the main battle tank of the United Kingdom during the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s.
The concept was revealed by IMI in 2006 and was expected to enter Israel Defense Forces tests by mid-2007.
Some models feature an exposed hammer, that can be manually cocked in single action,while others are Double action only with bobbed hammer.
There are a total of three variants of the Samson family:
It was designed and endorsed by 11-time NRA Highpower Rifle Champion David Tubb and Rock McMillan for long-range target shooting.
HN missiles are a series of turbofan powered Chinese land attack cruise missiles, based on the X-600.
The TAM series includes seven different variants, such as a 155 mm self-propelled howitzer and a self-propelled mortar vehicle.
The TATA Kestrel is a modern armoured personnel carrier developed by Tata Motors and the Defence Research and Development Organisation.
Its distinct lemon shape led it to being nicknamed the "lemon grenade".
The overall design is similar to that of the British FV102 Striker, and it is often mistaken for the Tosan tank.
It was developed by the Norwegian Defence Research Establishment in cooperation with the U.S. Navy in the late 1940s-early 1960s.
While the barrel is sized to receive a .22 caliber projectile, the chamber and magazine are sized to receive 7.62×25mm Tokarev cartridges.
It is deployed as an artillery rocket and has been replaced by the improved Hatf-IA and Hatf-IB, which have a maximum range of 100 km.
It is used extensively by infantry, most often in rifle companies, as well as on ground vehicles, watercraft and aircraft.
TOPAS stands for Transportér Obrněný Pásový – "tracked armoured personnel carrier".
The Thompson submachine gun is an American submachine gun, invented by John T. Thompson in 1918, that became infamous during the Prohibition era.
She was en route to Dutch Harbor to be fitted for the invasion of Paramishiru Island in Japan, when Japan surrendered.
A Carcano Model 91/38 was the John F. Kennedy assassination rifle.
The carbines were made for about one year with their production amounting to only a few hundred.
Before the Mark 9 could be issued, however, use of torpedoes on battleships was discontinued and Mark 9 torpedoes were placed in storage.
An ammunition drum of 90-round nominal capacity was developed for the Fw 190 A-5, and retrofitted to some earlier variants.
It replaced the former Mk F3 155mm in French Army service.
The Soviets also found the trucks an ideal platform for BM-13 Katyusha rocket launchers.
It is a blowback operated weapon and fires the 9x23mm Largo round.
The Dodge WC series was a range of light military trucks produced by Dodge and Fargo during World War II.
It was intended to be used in the event that a pilot was shot down, for defense and for hunting game to stay alive until rescue.
It is also known as chalikar‌ meaning "circle", and was sometimes referred to in English writings as a "war-quoit".
The Ghauri-II, is a Pakistani surface-to-surface medium range guided ballistic missile designed and developed by the Khan Research Laboratories.
The ČZ 2000 was to be produced by Česká zbrojovka of Uherský Brod.
The original German 5-color flecktarn has been adopted, copied and modified by many countries for their own camouflage patterns.
It is able to fire a range of loads; buckshot, slug, door-breaching slugs, and less-lethal blunt-force loads are preloaded in 5 round "stacked projectile" munition tubes.
It used William Armstrong's new and innovative rifled breechloading mechanism.
The Austin K5 was a British heavy military truck built by Austin for use during the Second World War.
Since its introduction into service, numerous Maverick versions had been designed and produced, using electro-optical, laser, charge-coupled device and infra-red guidance systems.
When purchased new, the pistol came with a screw driver that incorporated a cleaning chain in the hollow handle.
The 120 mm Krupp howitzer M1905 was a howitzer used by Turkey, Japan and a few smaller armies including during World War I.
One variety of cable-backed bow is the Penobscot bow or Wabenaki bow, invented by Frank Loring about 1900.
It was designed to replace the AIM-9 Sidewinder missile in Brazilian service and has since been exported to Colombia, Indonesia and Pakistan.
It was developed and produced by Franchi at the request of Heckler & Koch, which took care of marketing and sales.
The Beretta M9, officially the Pistol, Semiautomatic, 9mm, M9, is a 9×19mm Parabellum pistol adopted by the United States Armed Forces in 1985.
Missile guidance is by GPS or Inertial guidance system for pinpoint accuracy at ranges of up to 50 km.
In Aztec Mythology the Tepoztli was used by the god Tepoztécatl, god of fermentation and fertility.
The Beretta 70 was a semi-automatic pistol series designed and produced by Beretta of Italy, which was based on the earlier 7.65mm Beretta M1935 pistol.
It was principally used in the ouvrages and casemates of the Maginot Line in the late 1930s.
Following the development of the improved QBZ-95-1 rifle, its features were developed into the QBB-95-1 LSW.
The Type 64 pistol has subsequently been distributed to various People's Armed Police and civilian police forces.
Due to its age, the Hakim is designated as a Curio and Relic firearm by the United States Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
Renowned for their simplicity, lightweight and reliability, this pump action 12 GA shotgun has sold on the US market for as much as $1200.00.
It weighed nearly 9 tons, had a crew of eight or nine, and carried an armament of up to three machine-guns.
It was officially replaced as the standard infantry rifle by the faster-firing semi-automatic eight-round M1 Garand starting in 1936.
With an accuracy of 2,500 m CEP, the Shahab-3 missile is primarily effective against large, soft targets.
The 9M21 rockets are unguided and spin-stabilized.
The Skoda 75 mm Model 1928 was a mountain gun manufactured by Skoda Works and exported to Yugoslavia.
That same battery retained them through the beginning of the Battle of Kursk in July 1943.
Originally, along with its type-designation, it was also given the official name BAT for Battalion Anti-Tank gun, but that was soon dropped..
The Colt Model 1889 was a revolver produced by the Colt Manufacturing Company in the late 19th century.
Adequate for the early part of its deployment, it was rendered obsolete by advancement in tank armor.
The 10 cm Kanone 17 was a field gun used by Germany in World War I and World War II.
They were operated by two-man teams of combat engineers.
The model 37 is considered one of the most durable and reliable shotguns ever produced.
It was used by the French police and manufactured in limited quantity.
The MLI-84 is a tracked Romanian armored personnel carrier currently in service with the Romanian Land Forces.
The RASCAL project was cancelled in September 1958.
Herz-9 is an Iranian, domestically built, mobile air defense system developed and uveiled in 2013.
Nasr-1 missile can be launched from both inland bases and offshore military vessels, and is being modified to be fired from helicopters and submarines.
In 2005 they won the contract to supply the Canadian Forces Land Command with the C14 Timberwolf MRSWS for $4.5 million.
It bore a long spike on its reverse, and an even longer spike extending from the very top.
The GBU-67/9A Qadr is an unpowered Electro-Optically guided Glide-Bomb, built around a 2,000 lb Mk 84 class bomb body.
It was followed by the Cobra 2000 and Mamba missile systems, which were upgrades that improved the guidance system and performance of the missile.
Later production models had pressed steel wheels, with solid rubber tires and air brakes for motor towing.
This gun was produced by LIKAWELD, now bankrupt machine tools factory based in Zagreb, also called the "First Croatian Weapons Factory", PHTO.
Smith & Wesson changed the design for several reasons.
Joseph Montigny also promoted and sold the weapon for offensive field use by placing the weapon on an artillery carriage.
In 1951 it began to be phased out in favor of the M30 mortar of the same caliber.
It is shown being carried, along with a boar spear, by a carpenter or wagoner accompanying a supply train.
The Beretta 21A Bobcat is a semi-automatic pocket pistol designed by Beretta in Italy.
It remains in UK service and will equip three field regiments supporting armoured infantry brigades for the foreseeable future.
A total of 174 guns were built, used in training until the 1970s and kept in reserve until 1988.
Built by Austin, it was based on the civilian light truck Austin K30, differing mainly by having simple canvas closures in place of driver's cab doors.
It was developed in Argentina by DGME in the 1940s for employment by the army.
In 1944 the requirement was raised again and the barrel from the original design was mated with the carriage from the PAW 600 gun.
20 cwt referred to the weight of the barrel and breech, to differentiate it from other "3 inch" guns.
In German service, it was known as the 7.5 cm GebK 15.
The Puma M26 was designed by OTT Technologies, a South African firm linked to DynCorp International.
The FÉG 35M was a bolt-action rifle, chambered in 8×56mmR.
It was used by the German Wehrmacht during the Second World War from early 1943 until the end of the war.
The Verdeja was considered a superior tank to the T-26 after a lengthy testing period, yet was never put into mass production.
Sparrow and its derivatives were the West's principal beyond visual range air-to-air missile from the late 1950s until the 1990s.
The Patria Pasi is a Finnish made six-wheeled armoured personnel carrier originally designed for Finnish Defence Forces.
The Vezdekhod was the first true tank to be developed by Imperial Russia.
The Ordnance QF 13-pounder field gun was the standard equipment of the British and Canadian Royal Horse Artillery at the outbreak of World War I.
Production versions were produced in 9×18mm Makarov with a 32-round magazine.
The T-37 A was also used by the Soviets in the beginning of the Great Patriotic War, but most of them were quickly lost.
It was designed and manufactured by H-S Precision, Inc. - an American company.
It was armed with the 1.1 megaton W49 nuclear warhead.
The elongated upper edge was designed to protect the head and neck against sabre cuts.
A grip safety is provided to prevent accidental discharge.
The Multi-Mission Effects Vehicle was a dual-purpose short range surface-to-air and anti-tank platform intended for use by the Canadian Forces.
It is to be the main weapon system of the Eurocopter Tiger UHT helicopter.
The SP22 is chambered in .22 LR and is designed for sport and competition shooting.
The MG 131 was a German 13 mm caliber machine gun developed in 1938 by Rheinmetall-Borsig and produced from 1940 to 1945.
The RGO hand grenade is a defensive Soviet fragmentation hand grenade.
The 2A36 is designed to suppress and destroy enemy manpower and equipment.
The RIM-174 Standard Extended Range Active Missile, or Standard Missile 6 is a missile in current production for the United States Navy.
                    
The FV 214 Conqueror, also known as "Tank, Heavy No.
The akrafena martial art is the national sport of the Ashanti Cty-State.
There were also two carbine versions, the Karabiner 88 for mounted troops and the Gewehr 91 for artillery.
Deliveries of the rifle began in mid-2006.
The Oerlikon KCA is a Swiss 30 mm gas-operated single-barrel revolver cannon developed for aircraft use.
The Ratel is the basic infantry fighting vehicle of the South African National Defence Force's mechanized infantry battalions.
                  7800
The DMR was issued with match-grade M118LR 175-grain Long Range ammunition.
Previously, the sling swivel had been affixed to a stud in front of the trigger bow.
The ARWEN ACE fires 37mm non-lethal rounds designed for riot control.
The Handflammpatrone DM34 was a single-shot, disposable incendiary weapon issued to the German Armed Forces from 1965 to 2001.
A number saw service with the Afrika Korps, serving as artillery observation vehicles after being fitted with a radio and rail antenna.
but did not enter service due to the redundancy of another Heavy tank.
The main role of the Keiler vehicle is clear a lane through minefields to let soldiers and vehicles pass safely.
It was initially deployed in 1988 for the first version and 1997 for the second version.
They were adopted by the Imperial Japanese Navy in 1939 and served as their standard aircraft autocannon during World War II.
A unique feature of rifle is the usage of special subsonic cartridge 9×39mm SP-5, SP-6.
Clansman represented a considerable advance over existing radios being offered to the Armed Forces at the time.
It was rectangular at the bottom, but the upper edge swept upward forming a curve.
The French Resistance were also issued a quantity of the grenades.
It is a more heavily protected and heavily armed alternative to the armored Humvee which was not originally designed to be a protected fighting vehicle.
There are several models of Kimber Eclipse, of different sizes and with different combinations of features.
The Hound Dog was first given the designation B-77, then redesignated GAM-77, and finally as AGM-28.
It is an instrument of punishment and torture that was used in the Ottoman Empire, most especially in Egypt.
Some successors to the Shahab have longer range and are also more maneuverable.
The Flammenwerfer 35, or FmW 35  was a one-man German flamethrower used during World War II to clear out trenches and buildings.
The guns on Helgoland were destroyed by the victorious Allies at the end of the war, but the battery at Wangerooge survived intact.
It later served in Italy and France, and possibly in the Pacific.
The karabinek wzór 1988 Tantal is a 5.45×39mm assault rifle designed and produced in Poland in the late 1980s.
The program was scaled down in 2004 which eventually led to its full termination.
Based on the High Standard HD model target pistol, it was adopted by the Office of Strategic Services during World War II.
Like many other light anti-tank guns, the M3 was widely used in the infantry support role and as an anti-personnel weapon, firing high-explosive and canister rounds.
LMT manufactures complete weapon systems such as the M4/AR-15 and the M203 grenade launcher.
ATF stands for Allschutz-Transport-Fahrzeug, meaning all-protected transport vehicle in German.
The Mark 7 was a major step in the evolution of the modern torpedo.
Developed jointly by the Singapore Armed Forces, Defence Science and Technology Agency and ST Kinetics, it was commissioned on 28 October 2005.
Armor is said to be welded steel which protects from 12.7 mm machine guns.
The Pluton missile was a French nuclear-armed short-range ballistic missile system launched from a transporter erector launcher platform mounted on an AMX 30 tank chassis.
As these upgrades are developed for export only, the variants may differ greatly in accordance with the customer.
It succeeded the M198 howitzer in the United States Marine Corps and United States Army in 2005.
Move the slide to the rear to re-seat the slide and lock it in the rearward position on the frame.
Additionally, a pair of Spike ML/LR anti-tank missiles can be fitted on the turret.
The G13 would come with modified attachment kits and optics as standard.
The first, the ARL 44, was an interim tank.
Wojciech Zabłocki defines "karabela" as a decorated sabre with the handle stylized as the head of a bird and an open crossguard.
Talha is an armoured personnel carrier designed and manufactured in Pakistan by APC Factory of Heavy Industries Taxila.
Further development of the design resulted in the Fuchs 2, first shown in 2001.
The NI tank, was an improvised Soviet armoured fighting vehicle, based on an STZ-5 agricultural tractor, manufactured in Odessa during the Siege of Odessa.
The sights are adjustable for both elevation and windage.
The Akdal MKA 1919 is a gas operated, semi-automatic shotgun that resembles the M16 rifle and mimics the layout and placement of some of the controls.
Upshot–Knothole Simon was a nuclear detonation conducted as part of the U.S. Operation Upshot–Knothole nuclear testing program.
Both models carried around 9 litres of fuel.
A new, fully enclosed, and heavily armored boxy casemate superstructure was built on the chassis of the Sturmgeschütz III.
The M74 tank recovery vehicle was an engineer vehicle used by the U.S. Army in the 1950s.
The R-17 Elbrus, GRAU index 9K72 is a tactical ballistic missile, initially developed by the Soviet Union.
It is unlikely that the RT-21 ultimately reached deployment, and by the mid-1980s, the program had been scrapped.
It weighs 255 kg and with 120 kg warhead that holds 60 kg of explosives.
There are two primary versions of the action of the Beretta 682 shotgun.
The primary use for the bolo is clearing vegetation, whether for agriculture or during trail blazing.
It was also known as Fleißiges Lieschen.
The Leopard Security Vehicle is an unusual land-mine protected APC used by the Rhodesian Government and civilian population during the 1964-1979 Rhodesian Bush War.
The D-48 was itself replaced in the 1960s by the T-12 antitank gun.
Five were ordered, but only two hulls and one turret were completed before the testing grounds were captured by the advancing Soviet forces.
Two examples are known to exist, one is at the Wehrtechnische Studiensammlung Koblenz and the other at the Vojenský historický ústav Praha.
The specific wording of the BATF rule is:
Seeing a ready market, and having access to the several thousand Jarmanns in storage, Kongsberg Våpenfabrikk designed a harpoon gun referred to as the M28.
They appear to have lingered in Romanian service into World War II.
It is available in 9×19mm Parabellum chambering.
The Mokopa is a South African air-to-ground missile, designed primarily for use as an anti-tank weapon.
The Safir T-series is a line of firearms produced by AKSA int arms, also known as Safir Arms, of Turkey.
Only two prototypes were produced by June 1918, and were followed by orders for 580 tanks, which were never completed.
As a farm implement, it would take on a dark patina due to contact with plant and animal fluids.
This sword was known as the gladius hispaniensis, or Hispanic Sword.
It was produced by the White Motor Company in 1944.
It was developed as a replacement of BMD-1 but it failed to replace it completely because of a downfall of Soviet economy in 1980s.
After 1941, the tank was less effective than most Allied tank designs.
VBC-90s were available with various chassis configurations resembling both the VAB and the Berliet VXB-170.
To hinder demining, all Teller mines featured two additional fuze wells to enable anti-handling devices to be attached, typically some form of pull-fuze.
The AK-102 has a muzzle booster derived form the AKS-74U.
The Kh-90 GELA ГЭЛА or P-750 Grom, NATO designation AS-X-19 Koala and AS-X-21 is a Soviet Russian Air-to-Surface cruise missile.
The lvrbv 701 is not NBC-protected and has no night vision equipment.
Net guns have a long history of being used to capture wildlife, for research purposes.
It has been fielded by the Russian Army since 2004.
The Gribeauval system was introduced in 1765 and the guns were first employed during the American Revolutionary War.
However, only 16 were delivered in 1902.
Surviving vehicles were pressed into Wehrmacht service as the 19.4 cm Kanone 485 auf Selbstfahrlafette.
It is offered as a competitor to the most common military NATO long-range service cartridges such as .338 Lapua Magnum and the .50 BMG.
The Colt M1877 was a double-action revolver manufactured by Colt's Patent Fire Arms from January 1877 to 1909 for a total of 166,849 revolvers.
T-34 variants were widely exported after World War II and as of 2017, the tank remains in limited frontline service in many developing countries.
Typical operating scenarios include domestic violence intervention, marking violent suspects and building surveillance.
It could also be employed in an anti-personnel role with the use of the M590 antipersonnel round.
The M992A2 Field Artillery Ammunition Supply Vehicle is built on the chassis of the M109-series howitzer.
The LAM and suppressor were developed by Insight Technology and Knight's Armament Company, respectively.
However, it came too late to have a significant effect on the outcome of the war.
It is similar in appearance to the Israeli MAPATS, causing speculation about the link between the two missiles.
The VBTP-MR is based on a 6×6 version of Iveco's Superav armoured personnel carrier.
Lewis Machine & Tool Company In an American armaments company.
The pistol must also be able to be tailored by adjustable user interfaces and various accessories to individual shooters personal preferences.
It was retired from service in 2010.
USS YMS-328 was a US Navy YMS-1-class Yard Mine Sweeper, built in Ballard, Washington at Ballard Marine & Railway in Ballard, Washington.
With its heavy armour, the Matilda II was an excellent infantry support tank but with somewhat limited speed and armament.
Wendelin Przykalla at Knorr-Bremse AG made some further improvements 1939.
Production began in late 1940, and by the beginning of 1943 nearly 19,000 were in service.
There were 1.079 English pounds in the Old French pound, making the weight of shot nearly 13 English pounds.
It entered production in 1973 and is still carried on some Sukhoi Su-22s in developing countries but is no longer in Russian service.
It used the 6.5×58mm Vergueiro, a cartridge developed specially for it.
A misericorde was a long, narrow knife, used in medieval times to deliver the death stroke to a seriously wounded knight.
This, combined with the large and vulnerable design of the transmitter and receiver assembly, led to the abandonment of the OPTAR system in 1957.
Since it is impossible to determine which fuze type has been installed, no pressure plate should ever be removed from a Tellermine
Many of the improvements found in the AK-101 are also present in the AK-103 and the rest of the AK-100 series of rifles.
Key elements of the Panther design, such as its armour, transmission, and final drive, were simplifications made to improve production rates and address raw material shortages.
The TAR-21 is designed and produced by Israel Weapon Industries.
For the broadside ironclad, see SMS Friedrich Carl
Seven guns were built, six of which saw combat between 1941 and 1945.
Each infantry company has a platoon of 81 mm mortars.
The grenade had a shorter tailboom of 490 mm compared to the 650 mm tailboom for the electrically-primed grenade RPzB.
The FBW Dreiachskipper Type 80-N is a military vehicle of the Swiss vehicle manufacturer Franz Brozincevic & Cie.
In 1922 he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his work on behalf of the displaced victims of the First World War and related conflicts.
It is based on the AK-74 rifle and offers a high degree of parts commonality with the AK-74.
The hatch for the vehicle commander is directly behind the driver's; a pintle mount next to it can take a machine gun.
It is also known as Joint Venture Protective Carbine as of 2014.
It was offered to the German ordnance board but, after testing, it was not adopted for service.
Although the carbine was made mainly for the state, it was also sold commercially.
The Lahti L-39 is a Finnish 20 mm anti-tank rifle used during the Second World War.
Note that on the Ukrainian Government Portal website, the Vepr is classed as a sub-machinegun.
The original Ch'ŏnma-ho is based on the Soviet T-62.
The M240s used by the US military are currently manufactured by FN America, the American subsidiary of FN Herstal.
The first version of the missile, the R.510, was infra-red guided, and while accurate had very limited operating parameters.
Iran began making the Shahab-1 sometime between 1987 and 1994.
There were also forms of the ahlspiess which lacked a rondel guard and these were known as breach pikes.
RPG-76 Komar is a Polish light one-shot anti-tank grenade launcher that fires an unguided anti-tank rocket propelled grenade.
It is a gas-operated, selective fire rifle with a rotating bolt.
They were armed with Colt .30 caliber machine guns.
Over 120,000 of the APILAS launchers have been produced, and they are in service with many countries.
It was made in smaller numbers than the Panzerfaust, which was a disposable recoilless gun firing an anti-tank warhead.
The Arrow is considered one of the most advanced missile defense programs currently in existence.
It was designed to provide the tactical part of French nuclear deterrence during the Cold War.
They are very similar and often mistaken for members of the 686 family.
The Pig saw service with the Royal Ulster Constabulary from the late 1958 until early 1970.
The SIG P250 can be chambered in .22 Long Rifle .380 ACP, 9×19mm Parabellum, .357 SIG, .40 S&W, and .45 ACP.
The Mark 33 torpedo was the first passive acoustic antisurface ship/antisubmarine homing torpedo intended for the United States Navy to employ a cast aluminum shell.
The T91 assault rifle is produced by the 205th Armory, Ministry of Defense, Republic of China.
The Beretta Stampede is a single-action revolver manufactured by Beretta that is an exact clone of the Colt Single Action Army "Peacemaker".
Another member of LT LGB/PGB family, LT-3 made its public debut in the 8th Zhuhai Airshow held in November 2008.
The top and bottom are filled with 52 metal BBs.
The Type 93 Armoured Car was an armoured car used by the Empire of Japan both before and during World War II.
Approximately 200 were shipped to Vietnam in August 1968, and some were used operationally.
Despite the successful launching tests, the plan was abandoned due to the completion of initial SSBN vessels.
Because Rafael would serve as the prime contractor instead of both companies being equal partners, IMI refused to cooperate.
The Achzarit is a heavily armored armored personnel carrier manufactured by the Israeli Defence Forces Corps of Ordnance.
The Iranian Oghab missile is an unguided 230 mm artillery rocket with a range of 34-45 km.
            
The HK69A1 is a 40 mm grenade launcher developed and produced by the German arms manufacturer Heckler & Koch.
The models 6DM and 10DM were the first military vehicles of the Swiss Army, which went into operation with NATO structure.
A rocket booster can be attached to extend its range to 150 km, provided a release velocity of 600-1000 km/h.
It was later selected by the RAF Regiment to replace their Bofors guns and Tigercat missiles.
It was designed to complement the Javelin anti-tank missile.
The cannon used shell cartridges for ammunition.
The Bergmann 1896 was a 19th-century semi-automatic pistol developed by German designer Louis Schmeisser and sold by Theodor Bergmann's company.
The 18-pounder short gun was an intermediary calibre piece of artillery mounted on warships and merchantmen of the Age of sail.
It was designed by the 58th Infantry Division and the first twenty were built in the division's workshops.
K745 Chung Sang Eo torpedoes is fitted to Incheon Class frigate.
The Benelli MP 90S is a precision target shooting pistol designed for the 25 metre pistol and 25 metre rapid fire pistol ISSF shooting events.
Although utilitarian examples are made of simple hard wood, ceremonial rungus may be elaborately carved or made of other materials.
The BA-I is a Soviet three-axle armoured car.
A derivative, the GB-9, was intended to use a "dive-and-glide" trajectory for attacking targets like submarine pens from the side, but also did not see combat.
It was first used in 1922 and was the first mortar to be introduced by the Imperial Japanese Army.
It supplied a thrust of 232 kN for a duration of 57 seconds.
The revised designation indicates the incorporation of a new gas system, designed by Youriy Alexandrov, for Kalashnikov-pattern rifles.
The 10×10 Oshkosh Logistic Vehicle System Replacement is the U.S. Marines’ equivalent of the U.S. Army’s Oshkosh 8×8 HEMTT and Oshkosh 10×10 Palletized Load System.
The mine is named after the stonefish, a venomous fish of the same name.
However, the stainless steel body is longer to accommodate a new radome & seeker assembly and a new and more powerful dual-thrust solid propellant motor.
Additionally this design allows the user to grip the haft directly behind the head for planing or shaving wood.
The magazines mount horizontally on top of the front handguard, with brass ejecting through the magazine well.
In recent discussions, the term miaodao is sometimes used to describe similar swords.
The 155 GH 52 APU, Finnish designation 155 K 98, is a Finnish towed artillery piece developed in 1998.
Its Imperial Japanese Navy counterparts are the Type 97 machine gun, and Type 92 machine gun.
Four magnets were attached to the casing made of hemp cloth, along with an external fuze.
Raketenwerfer 43 was given to infantry to bolster their anti-tank capability.
20-round and 40-round box magazines are available for the Model 3.
The high temperature caused a plasma to form around the missile, requiring extremely powerful radio signals to reach it for guidance.
The M1917 bayonet was designed to be used with the US M1917 Enfield .30 caliber rifle, as well as with the seven different U.S. trench shotguns.
The name Bren was derived from Brno, the Czechoslovak city in Moravia, where the Zb vz.
They were the longer and more powerful of the two 12-inch British RML guns, the other being the 25-ton gun.
M-42 was a 45-mm Soviet light semi-automatic anti-tank gun.
The ZIL-157 is a general purpose  2 1⁄2-ton 6x6 truck, produced in post-World War II Soviet Union ZiL.
The Sergeant missile had a minimum range of 40 kilometres, and a maximum range of 135 kilometres.
When satellite guidance is not available, the inertial guidance system is used, though the two systems are generally used together, complimenting each other.
The Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle is the Raytheon-manufactured interceptor component with subcontractor Aerojet of the U.S.
Initially the devices were manufactured in Normandy, largely from German steel-beam beach defensive devices on an ad hoc basis.
The Springfield Armory M6 Scout is a multipurpose firearm, combining rifle and shotgun.
It can also be mounted on armoured vehicles or helicopters.
The project was deemed overly complex and expensive, and was only produced for a short time, before being replaced by the Model 1939.
The Madsen M-50 or M/50 is a submachine gun introduced in 1950.
It was replaced in the mid-1960s by the Maadi AK-47 but was stored in military reserve arsenals.
Developed by Ole Herman Johannes Krag, the action of the Krag–Petersson was uniquely actuated by an oversized hammer.
