xeno-canto is a citizen science project in which volunteers record, upload and annotate recordings of birdsong and bird calls.
NutshellMail supports Facebook, Twitter, MySpace, LinkedIn, and Ning.
In order for the app to work without connectivity, it downloads information about the users destination before departure.
His intent was to create "a fun video game website" that would not heavily cover the business side of the game industry.
TuneWiki was a music-centered startup that provides scrolling lyrics through its social music players for cellphones and handheld devices.
Metnet is one of the six major educational telecommunications networks of the Learning Network of Minnesota.
The range of subject matter includes everything from amateur sex blogs and thumbnail gallery posts to news about sex in popular culture and advertising.
The site serves as a comprehensive resource for those living with disabilities, as well as their family members, friends, caregivers, and employers.
The website has been thoroughly debunked by Snopes.com and The Humane Society of the United States, among other prominent organizations.
In December 2009, Nextbook, Inc, Tablet's parent company, announced a strategic partnership with JDub Records.
The site provides a plethora of information and discussion about the Rockets' past, present, and future.
Variations on the traditional mosh include "pogoing", "circle pits" and the more extreme "wall of death".
The site also allows artists to license their music under Creative Commons licenses and allow free downloads.
This list does not contain beta, demo, bootlegged, or unreleased games.
Six years later, nearly 35,000 images have been digitised and more than 8000 images are available to view online.
kernel.org is the main distribution point of source code for the Linux kernel, which is the base of the Linux operating system.
The inside of his rectum is clearly visible.
Probably Science is a weekly updated comedy and science podcast which first aired on January 21, 2012.
Since that time, Virtual Gumshoe has continued to grow in popularity and underwent a complete makeover.
Forvo.com is owned by Forvo Media SL, based in San Sebastián, Spain.
Naver was launched in June 1999 by ex-Samsung employees, and it debuted as the first Web portal in Japan that used its own proprietary search engine.
According to a 2014 estimate, 60% of mid-sized US companies, and 92% of startups, were using Gmail.
The scope of the new company was greatly scaled down from its predecessor.
The website aims to promote art by video game companies as well as helping independent artists to get more exposure.
BlogTV.com was officially launched in June 2007 to America and the rest of the world.
"Community membership" is determined by words used in a person's Twitter Bio as well as keywords and hashtags they have historically used in their posts.
CraveOnline Media, LLC is a male lifestyle website based in Los Angeles with sales offices in New York City, Chicago and San Francisco.
It won an award as one of the best sci-tech web sites by Scientific American.
Other members of the ClickZ editorial team include digital marketing writer Chris Camps.
Yeminli Sözlük is a sentence-based online dictionary with millions of pre-translated English–Turkish sentences.
Christwire is a satirical website that publishes blog-style articles intended to ridicule excesses of American Christian conservatives.
Dannelly has published the only magazine dedicated to NAIA athletics, founded three major sports web sites, and produces weekly features on latest news of the NAIA.
Gigablast has provided, and provides, search results to other companies, such as Ixquick, Clusty, Zuula, Snap, and Blingo.
He joked that according to some, The Art of War was about female-male relations.
Called the "Espuelas Effect" by leading Brazilian news weekly Exame, StarMedia was the catalyst for the Internet industry throughout Latin America.
The site has been targeted as part of malvertising campaigns, and various governments have blocked xHamster as part of larger initiatives against Internet pornography.
Based in Chicago, Illinois, United States, the website is a subsidiary of Gradesaver LLC.
Masada2000 was a California-based website created and maintained by people from the United States, Israel, Brazil, and Switzerland.
The site was founded by Francis "Randy" Sluganski, who died on November 6, 2012 after a ten-year struggle with cancer.
The team was owned by AirAsia Philippines and disbanded after the tournament.
Users can pledge money for tasks using micropayment services that open source software developers can pick up and solve to earn the money.
Project Euler is a website dedicated to a series of computational problems intended to be solved with computer programs.
Said the Gramophone is an mp3 blog launched in 2003, one of the first of its type.
From 2004 till 2012, most of the game-specific boards were shared between GameFAQs and GameSpot, another CBS Interactive website.
In 2014, the site was reworked, changing the style and color scheme for main pages and new reports, while old reports retained the previous style.
The authors include some well-known chess players and instructors, such as Yasser Seirawan, Dan Heisman, Mark Dvoretsky, Susan Polgar, Karsten Müller, and Tim Harding.
Various CAT coaching institutes across the country had then entered into a tie-up with the portal to provide computer-based testing services to their students.
Passengers without an ESTA may be denied check in, although it might be possible to get one while at the departure airport.
Their equipment is used in theme parks, museums, restaurants, visitor centers, retail stores, kiosks, cruise ships, and trade shows.
The site lists roughly 3,000 blogs in over 50 categories.
It was taken down in January 2009, pending creation of a new version.
Neil Rafferty and Paul Stokes, created the website in 2007 and remain the lead writers.
Acorn Arcade is a computing resource web site with a focus on the RISC OS operating system and its gaming scene.
The Electronic Intifada is an online Chicago-based publication covering the Israeli–Palestinian conflict.
It was created by Eric Wilhelm and Saul Griffith and launched in August 2005.
HAL is a tool for direct scientific communication between academics.
These were obtained by Kick by filing a request based on the Freedom of Information Act.
Its forum has over 4,000 registered users and 93,000 posts.
In 2009, Tagged was criticized for sending deceptive bulk email and paid $1.4 million in legal settlements regarding those practices.
Svensk mediedatabas is a search engine for the audiovisual works of the National Library of Sweden.
From 2007 to 2017, the website's editor-in-chief was Matt Atchity, who left in July 2017 to join The Young Turks.
The free package is where a user receives the HARO daily email and responds to reporters that have questions up and vice versa.
The game was developed by a then-19-year-old French student using the pseudonym "aniwey" and released in April 2013.
On August 5, 2014, Justin.tv was officially shut down so that the company could focus on Twitch.
Code snippet pages also contain an excerpt of code and a link to the full code's location online.
Skatter Tech is a digital publication with daily coverage of technology news and reviews.
Edmunds.com Inc. is an American online resource for automotive information.
Alex Plank, representing the site, testified at the National Institute of Mental Health's Interagency Autism Coordinating committee.
Beijing–Shenyang High-Speed Railway is a high-speed rail line under construction between Beijing and Shenyang cities in China.
Softpedia is a website from Romania that indexes information and provides primarily software information and downloads.
As a result, sahibinden.com was launched in 2000, and initially contained 2700 classifieds.
Unlike other online dictionaries, which focus on words, Tatoeba focuses on translation of complete sentences.
The domain hotornot.com is currently owned by Hot Or Not Limited, and was previously owned by Avid Life Media.
The Notable Names Database is an online database of biographical details of over 40,000 people of note.
Initially a free For Sale By Owner service, Tepilo re-launched in October 2013 as an online-only estate agent.
Launched in September 2012, it is part of Vice Media, Inc. network channels.
The social commerce platform was launched in November 2011 by Nathalie Gaveau, Marie-Barbe Girard, Hoon Kim and Evan Adelman.
acquired Snip.it for an amount of $10 million in total.
The website was founded in 2004 by Todd Brown.
Through list-making, users can shape an autobiography and create references for themselves and others.
BLDGBLOG is an architecture blog authored by futurist Geoff Manaugh, former editor at Dwell magazine, former Editor-in-Chief at Gizmodo, and a contributing editor at Wired UK.
Jan 12, 2012 was the last post on WinRumors since his move to The Verge.
In Euclidean geometry any three points, when non-collinear, determine a unique triangle and a unique plane.
Amazon says that S3 uses the same scalable storage infrastructure that Amazon.com uses to run its own global e-commerce network.
It launched at the Tribeca Film Festival in 2007.
RecipeBridge allows users to search and filter results by keyword, cuisine, ingredient, meal, or occasion.
The Swahili Wikipedia is the Swahili language edition of Wikipedia.
This approach to search is also designed to combat the impact that aggressive black and grey hat SEO practices have on mainstream search results.
It was notable for its eclectic and idiosyncratic English-language coverage of mostly Spanish-language music.
It was featured in Information Today in June 2011.
The site also features a variety of developer products and tools built specifically for developers.
New Country Star was one of the first entertainment sites to conduct online monthly polls of readers, drawing some 40,000 hits per day at their height.
It is run by the Woodland Trust, as part of the UK Phenology Network.
Subjects discussed in the forums are concerned with aspects of traditional photography, including processes like cyanotype, platinum printing and other alternative processes.
The site provides information about movies, TV shows, actors, directors, producers, screenwriters, composers, editors etc.
Palahniuk's novel was optioned by 20th Century Fox producer Laura Ziskin, who hired Jim Uhls to write the film adaptation.
It offers a website interface, mobile apps for Android and iOS, and an API that helps developers build browser extensions and software applications.
Enciclopedia Libre Universal en Español is a Spanish language wiki encyclopedia, released under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License 3.0.
The initially only used PPTP to tunnel the connection through servers located in Sweden.
Retecool is a weblog/webmagazine that has existed since May 23, 2000.
It is owned by the original founders, Andrew Wysocki and William Sanderson.
In 2006, Rediff launched an AJAX-based mail interface.
Customers can book these products directly on the website as well as through iOS and Android Apps or through its distribution network.
Tamilnet and non-governmental organizations such as Free Media Movement, Committee to Protect Journalists and ARTICLE 19 confirm that the website is currently banned in Sri Lanka.
The company also delivers traditional commissioner and pick-em style fantasy sports games.
The site is now defunct and the domain name redirects to Songsterr, which has no relation to MXTabs.
As of 2006, Sebastian Kwiecień, owner of the blog web20.pl, said that it was probably Poland's most popular Web 2.0 website.
Aside from contests, Halo.Bungie.Org also coordinates charitable endeavors and fundraisers.
Music, owned by Yahoo!, is the provider of a variety of music services, including Internet radio, music videos, news, artist information, and original programming.
Pashto Wikipedia is the Pashto language edition of Wikipedia, a free, open-content encyclopedia.
The site was closed, but its functionality was incorporated into MTV.com, VH1.com, and Radio SonicNet, another company Viacom acquired that year.
It publishes in English about news, articles, classifies, audio and video content related mostly to Ghanaian society.
It also deals with serious matters of politics and policy, producing in depth analysis.
NHS Evidence is a similar public website for health professionals and students in the UK.
The revelation came one day after MacMaster was revealed.
Today, participating institutions and individual donors continue to support EOL through financial contributions.
was a Q&A platform that was shut down because of the release of Yahoo!
Southern Daily Echo, based in Hampshire, England
The community develops and finances its own free software, software reviews, podcasts, and a diverse programming school.
The FSSN acts as an umbrella organization to Diaspora development and manages Diaspora's branding, finances and legal assets.
Qwiki was a New York City based startup automated video production company.
LQ is active in the community, often having either a stall or presence at Linux conferences or expositions.
The websites are published by the Environment Media Group Ltd.
The website is the 2005 winner of the Project on Government Oversight's "Beyond the Headlines" Award.
Matthieu became later known as singer M. Pokora.
Naver launched its service in Japan in 2009, marking their first expansion out of Korea.
In 2005, Dohop launched the world's first flight planner for low-cost airlines and later expanded it to include all scheduled flights worldwide, amounting to 660 airlines.
The website was available in English and Spanish.
Established in 2005, the site comprises 320 blogs covering individual professional and college sports teams, and other sports-oriented topics.
Moreover, notwithstanding tight security measures, Fabchannel content got pirated on places like YouTube and Peer-to-Peer filesharing networks.
The site features polls on entertainment, brands, sports and culture.
The site launched as the first open memory bank to DePauw University on March 21, 2012.
It was founded in 2010 by Edith Zimmerman.
It was launched to guarantee every users' freedom and rights equally, and to share the knowledge and information.
It was designated by Mashable Awards as the best music search engine.
The third annual Adult Webcam Summit, an event for the live camming industry, took place in June 2015 at the Iaki Hotel in Mamaia, Romania.
Over 7,000 pages tabulate, for specific localities or larger areas such as counties, individuals who had life events such as birth or marriage at the locality.
The service has its origins in Microsoft's previous search engines: MSN Search, Windows Live Search and later Live Search.
italki  is an educational technology website that helps foreign language learners connect with online teachers and native-speaking language partners.
Vessel was a commercial video service launched in 2015 by the early team behind Hulu, including former CEO Jason Kilar and Richard Tom.
OpenDOAR is maintained by the University of Nottingham under the SHERPA umbrella of services and was developed in collaboration with Lund University.
In 2010, because of a post on the People Search forum, a mother and son reunited 17 years after the son was kidnapped.
The town includes a cafe/post office, hotel and services club.
Travbuddy.com is a social networking website specializing in connecting travellers.
It has enabled thousands of contacts between relatives and military buddies of a casualty.
The maps are produced by the USGS, which encourages the distribution of their maps through business partners.
The Utopia website was preceded by the opening of Southeast Asia's first gay and lesbian center, one year earlier, in December 2004.
Post made on frienditeplus will appear Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn accounts.
OnMilwaukee is an online magazine for news and activities in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Days later, the United States Department of State demanded the files be removed from the Internet, citing a violation of the International Traffic in Arms Regulations.
YouNow was founded by Adi Sideman in September 2011, but significantly grew in popularity during 2014 and 2015 following significant changes to the service.
The Real News Network is a nonprofit news organization.
These were often deleted in the Lexis and Westlaw versions, but fully available on HOL.
Darwin Award winners eliminate themselves in an extraordinarily idiotic manner, thereby improving our species' chances of long-term survival."
Launched in August 2005, it was sold to Dennis Publishing in 2008 and retitled The Week at the end of 2014.
TMZ's managing editor is Harvey Levin, a lawyer-turned-journalist who was previously a legal expert for the Los Angeles television station KCBS-TV.
Australian Government's former website on Culture and Recreation listed Australian Rock Database as a resource for Australian rock music.
It was founded in 1999 by Alexander Pepple as a workshop complement to Able Muse.
The site was started in January 1996 and features suspect, victim and witness overviews as well as more than two-thousand contemporary press reports.
Additionally, Bonnie Fuller is a regular contributor along with HollywoodLife.com senior entertainment reporter Chloe Melas and HollywoodLife.com fashion editor Katrina Mitzeliotis.
Registration is optional to read on blogs hosted on the site.
Analysis by Bleeping Computer editors on newly detected ransomware families has been covered in major media ranging from NBC News to the BBC.
He later became a SEO consultant, working with startups in Southern Ontario and California.
This web site often takes an irreverent approach to discussing some of the weightier topics surrounding yoga and the culture it has engendered in the West.
As of August 2017, 12% of articles in all Wikipedias belong to the English-language edition.
Once users download their chosen PureSolo app from their preferred store, they gain access to a catalogue containing thousands of professionally produced backing tracks and accompaniments.
Rantic.com is a social media marketing website that sells fake likes, followers, views and web traffic.
Other major cities include Austin, the second most populous state capital in the U.S., and El Paso.
Founded in 2008, Sportnews.mn represents the largest online sports community in Mongolia, with about 30 publishers.
Montada is one of a network of websites run by an Information Technology company called Remal, which is based in Saudi Arabia.
News coverage includes scores, statistics, rankings, and reports on college football games.
OEIS records information on integer sequences of interest to both professional mathematicians and amateurs, and is widely cited.
The site now covers all Halo properties and posts game news, rumors, and fan art and videos.
Created by Johan Lundgren, Jr., the site originated in 1996 as Pictures of Modern Airliners.
Outpost Gallifrey was a fan website for the British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
Launched in 2003, the site has more than 100,000 users in August 2006.
A new Box Office India website went live on 20 January 2014.
Kuro5hin's membership once numbered in the tens of thousands, but its popularity declined significantly from its peak in the early 2000s.
It focusses on intellectual property, patent, information privacy and copyright reform in particular.
mobiForge is a mobile development and design resource site run by the mobile and web technology provider, dotMobi.
boats.com is a Florida, Miami-based online advertising website.
It was founded by Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher in January 2014 after they left Dow Jones and the similar website they had previously co-founded, AllThingsD.
It has been noted as "the rare faith-based site that unabashedly promotes its point of view while remaining relevant to all readers."
The site briefly redirected to ScoreBig's website, but as of 2017 the URL does not lead anywhere.
Plant identifications are user-submitted, but a process for review and correction is available.
"The Mystery Worshipper" – reports on churches made by users of the site: the intention is that churches find out how they appear to outsiders.
Some of the pages contain narrative elements.
Many of its staff also operate the sister website Dorkly, centering on video games and video game parodies in the vein of CollegeHumor.
It was launched on 3 February 2014 only to be shut down by Dutch police 8 days later.
Feministing.com is a feminist blog founded in 2004 by Jessica Valenti and Vanessa Valenti.
Links are submitted by Fark members, which admins can approve for posting on either the main page or one of the subsidiary tab pages.
ISIDORE is an online platform that allows research and access to human and social sciences digital data.
In February 2015, more than 800,000 visited the website.
Some Wikisources allow user-generated annotations, subject to the specific policies of the Wikisource in question.
Map24 was owned and operated by Mapsolute GmbH, a producer of geographic software until they were acquired in 2007 by NAVTEQ, now called HERE.
The blog promoted itself as "the source for daily Manhattan media news and gossip."
It was launched in November 2003 as the third online title from Gawker.
In 2002, The Guardian's "World news guide" referenced the website.
Invesdor has been reported as being the first equity-based crowdfunding service in Northern Europe.
Gumtree is the #1 classifieds site in the UK, Australia, South Africa, and Singapore.
Frank B. Stewart, Jr. serves as chairman of the board.
The Chinese Wikipedia is the fourth largest online Chinese encyclopedia after Hudong Baike, Baidu Baike and Soso Baike.
Phandroid also operates AndroidForums.com, a forum for Android users.
Tinychat Next differs from Chatroulette with the addition of topic-based rooms.
CDF is an electronic document format designed to allow easy authoring of dynamically generated interactive content.
Urdu Wikipedia, started in January 2004, is the Urdu language edition of Wikipedia, a free, open-content encyclopedia.
The Faster Times was an online newspaper launched by Sam Apple on July 9, 2009.
Nexus Mods is a gaming fan site which allows users to upload their own created content, termed modifications or mods, for various games.
However this will help us focus on our core strengths and new innovations", the company wrote in a brief statement.
As of March 2016, 149 rounds have been completed.
Publishers Clearing House's acquisition of the property was announced in December 2010.
Apart from politics, the portal also deals with issues concerning society, culture, economy, sports and entertainment.
The website was launched on February 29, 2012 by Steven Sacks, Alex Reinlieb, and Jason Grunstra.
Yebol presented as one of its goals the creation of a unique "homepage look" for every possible search term.
Forvo's 'About'-page states Forvo to be the largest pronunciation guide website on the Internet.
It earns money by selling advertising on the website and by e-mailing targeted advertisements to its members.
The site features reviews of books that have been, according to the site, "neglected, overlooked, forgotten, or stranded by changing tides in critical or popular taste."
OpenRice is a food and restaurant guide website which currently operates in Hong Kong, Malaysia, Japan, Macau, China, Taiwan, Singapore, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand.
In 2001 it had over 6,500 members and about 65,000 page views per week.
The dictionary offers a variety of search options, and requires free registration in order to add or update translations.
Dirpy is a free online service that allows users to download and transcode YouTube videos.
The company is engaged in a bitter battle with its shareholders and debtors.
The Victory Sports Network was founded July 5, 2002 by Jason Dannelly to become a promoter of NAIA athletics.
A preliminary version with a few other languages already exists.
OldVersion.com is an archive website that stores and distributes older versions of primarily Internet-related PC and Macintosh freeware and shareware application software.
When it became an independent company in 1994, it was renamed GeoSystems Global Corporation.
Launched in 2003, MailOnline was made into a separately managed site in 2006 under the editorship of Martin Clarke.
In 2016, while under the ownership of ESPN, FiveThirtyEight won the "Data Journalism Website of the Year" award from the Paris, France based Global Editors Network.
The Daily Stormer orchestrates what it calls the "Troll Army", which is involved in Internet trolling of figures with whom Anglin disagrees politically.
PC Mania is Bulgarian computer games media originally started as a computer magazine and transformed into on-line game media in the beginning of 2009.
In 2009, the site was launched in France.
The Lowell Observatory is partnered with Discovery Space and is providing StarTales content  to the site.
CoCalc is a web-based cloud computing and course management platform for computational mathematics.
In 2014 & 2015 CV-Library appeared in The Sunday Times’ Profit Track 100 list of businesses with the fastest growing profits in the UK.
Children as young as five years old are invited to get involved in some of these activities.
Its aim is to make filmmaking easier, more effective and possible for everyone.
A book containing stories from the site was released in the Fall of 2010
In January 2016 Delicious Media, a new alliance, reported it had assumed control of the service.
As of September 2016, Remind is used in more than 50% of the public schools in the U.S.
Users can also add missing titles and share their views on the books via assessments and reviews.
Album2 is a photo sharing website "for old local and family photos" launched in 2004, in Oslo, Norway by serial IT entrepreneur Sveinung Dammen.
The company is headquartered in New York, New York.
It was shut down in April 2017.
In addition to Miami, boats.com has operations in Fareham and Padova.
Issues of schedule, load, and "politeness" come into play when large collections of pages are accessed.
It is provided in 36 languages to customers worldwide by FastMail Pty Ltd, a company located in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
The data collected from the various projects has led to the publication of more than 100 scientific papers.
In November 2012, zeebox launched a joint venture in Australia with Network Ten and Foxtel.,
And to the Philippines on November 12, 2014.
RealClimate is a commentary site on climatology.
Contributing authors include a number of LGBT-identified writers, artists, and activists.
UrduPoint has the largest collection of Urdu poetry on the Internet.
Pitchfork is an American online magazine launched in 1995 by Ryan Schreiber, based in Chicago, Illinois and owned by Condé Nast.
Since 2000 the Hungarian Unix Portal, founded by Gábor Micsko aka.
The site features news, articles, live coverage of cricket matches, player rankings and team rankings.
Draugiem is a social networking website launched in 2004.
It also hosts active forums where students can ask educators academic questions.
It is designed to make social and political information about Northern Ireland available freely to the public.
The site was founded by Brian McKinney and Glen Stansberry, and is managed by Brisky Business LLC.
It enables users to comment on most of the news, as well to send contributions; in both cases, they can be published only upon approval.
Barrapunto runs Slash, the open source software used by Slashdot, and materials are published under CC-BY.
Like Bonsai Kitten, many individuals fell for the hoax and were disgusted.
In 2006 the science journal Nature listed it as the top-ranked blog written by a scientist based on popularity.
These include MilwaukeeAdmirals.com, ParkMilwaukee.com, YMCAMKE.org and more.
In 2010, it was acquired by Reuters and ceased operation as a social bookmarking site in April of that year.
Ulitzer is an online media site that has been described by The Register as attempting to be a "wikipedia-killer".
The editorial policy of Clubic is voluntarily geared towards the general public in order to reach a wide audience.
The software used to copy the pictures from fotopedia.com to archive.org is available on GitHub.
In March 2014 delfi.ua version was closed.
Strock has stated, "We shy away from the constant rumor updates about coming movies.
The website has survived on donations from foundations and individuals.
GameZone's daily coverage includes news, reviews, previews, guides, and editorials.
BlogCN simultaneously introduced a virtual coin system to purchase such services.
    {\displaystyle \triangle ABC}
It owns a dozen websites and has partnered with many more, producing various content for each site.
Tech Support Comedy, or TSC, is a website dedicated to frustrated tech support workers from all over the world and the customers they deal with constantly.
Before its public launch in the current format, BookLikes had won an award as the most innovative small business in Greater Poland, on April 17, 2012.
The Lifehacker motto is "Tips, tricks, and downloads for getting things done."
Remember.com is an online platform to share and preserve memories of any person, place or topic in the world.
TAPCIS was written by Howard Benner, a marketing executive from Wilmington, Delaware.
The journal publishes poetry and flash fiction about walking in an urban environment.
This is a wiki, where anybody can contribute and edit words in the dictionary provided they have a substantial knowledge of the Assamese language.
The Daily Mash is a British satirical website providing parodic commentary on current affairs and other news stories.
Content includes everything from smart phones, tablets, computers, games, accessories, apps, web services, and more.
Ulitzer was offering its authors as much as 200% of AdSense revenue.
It is an online newspaper, that covers local and world news and information, has divisions for Armenia, Caucasus, world, press, business and sports.
It is a community web site, intended to encourage user involvement.
ReadWrite is a Web technology blog launched in 2003.
The Association of Musical Artists of Serbia is an association which gathers together musicians from Serbia who dedicated themselves to performing classical music.
In 2008, it was listed as one of the ABA Journal's "100 Best Web Sites by Lawyers, for Lawyers".
The platform was developed by the localization and software development company CSOFT International.
The expansive projects of building a web-based platforms, reacting to and generating growing controversies, were unsustainable.
On February 10, 2014, Twitch.tv's and Justin.tv's parent company was rebranded as Twitch Interactive.
It is widely considered a hate site.
It was the largest portal about astronomy and space in Poland in the years of its activity, and it was reaching 100 000 users monthly.
The deadline to sign up for coverage that would begin January 2014 was December 23, 2013, by which time the problems had largely been fixed.
The Grooveshark website had a search engine, music streaming features, and a music recommendation system.
As announced earlier, MatMice closed on Monday September 22, 2008.
All videos are subtitled in all 24 official languages of the European Union, whilst the “Young Parliament” programmes are voiced over in all EU languages.
The network’s websites provide free of charge graphic design content and information and promote modern digital multimedia & computer art.
It is typically associated with physical growth delays, characteristic facial features, and mild to moderate intellectual disability.
SB Nation is a sports news website owned and operated by Vox Media.
Mother Nature Network is a website with news and information related to sustainability, health, lifestyle, technology, money, food, home, and family.
The East Asia Forum is a policy forum directed by Emeritus Professor Peter Drysdale of the Crawford School of Public Policy, Australian National University.
Whyville's users engage in virtual world simulation based games and role play sponsored by a wide range of governmental, non-profit, and corporate entities.
A notice went up in February 2014 on Hotud.org stating that the site will be taken offline due to financial reasons.
Costolo is a University of Michigan graduate, and was CEO of Twitter from 2010 to 2015.
Action Bioscience is a non-commercial, educational web site sponsored by the American Institute of Biological Sciences .
IdontWantDowry.com is India's first matrimonial website for dowry free marriages.
In 2013 he received Order of the White Star for his contributions to Wikipedia.
In its first anniversary issue, for example, former Poet Laureate of the United States Billy Collins contributed four Asian-themed poems.
Epernicus was a social networking website and professional networking platform resource built by scientists for research scientists.
Russian media regularly report on Dissernet's findings, and the site has been credited with raising attention for the issue of academic fraud in the country.
Prior to Techboomers, Black had run Suited Media where he founded the first social network for poker players called Pokerspace.com.
In the 1960s he began his professional career in bands such as Johnny Kidd & The Pirates, The Flower Pot Men, and Lord Sutch's Savages.
As non-profit sites, both Abandonia and Reloaded are community-driven projects.
The site focuses on promoting unity between Galicians and descendants of Galicians around the world.
In comparison to Twitter and Jaiku, Qaiku had a multilingual focus, with all messages marked and searchable based on their language.
GTPlanet is an online community dedicated to the Gran Turismo racing game series for the PlayStation, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Portable gaming consoles.
The Microsoft Update Catalog is a website that offers updates for computers running Windows 2000 SP3, Windows XP, and Windows Server 2003 and later operating systems.
Myxer was available on the web, mobile web, and via specialized smartphone apps for Android and iOS.
Head for Points is an internet blog for discussion of airline frequent-flyer programs and hotel loyalty programs in the UK.
Launched on December 10, 2004, it lampoons encyclopedia topics and current events, especially those related or relevant to contemporary Internet culture.
The site plays numerous singles from Christian rock artists, posting a weekly top 30 and an annual top 100.
JSTOR's revenue was $69 million in 2014.
Persée is an open access digital library of French-language scholarly journals, established by the Ministry of National Education of France.
Willakuy is a community-based news aggregator web site that displays content from Spanish-language newspapers in the Americas and Spain.
Its website provides free access to the full text of recent articles and book reviews.
iWork for iCloud, which also incorporates a document hosting service, which is free to all holders of an iCloud account.
The Gazetteer for Scotland is a gazetteer covering the geography, history and people of Scotland.
They are based in Victoria, British Columbia.
Google App Engine is a hosting service for web apps.
This Wikipedia was locked in early 2005 due to inactivity, but was later re-opened.
The project's members meet annually at the Libre Graphics Meeting.
As of January 2016, the platform has over 50,000 application files and over 100,000 active users.
As of 2009, the site averages over 8 million monthly page views.
Ken Berger was the first external member of Ryze, joining in June 2001.
A final payment will be made to artists following the shutdown.
This means that archives are quite distinct from libraries with regard to their functions and organization, although archival collections can often be found within library buildings.
In addition to its email lists, H-Net provides three related online services:
Founded by Internet entrepreneur OD Kobo and launched in November 2012, Pheed was aimed at a younger audience than Facebook's demographic.
For example, artworks illustrating space weather made by primary school children from several countries are presented on the website.
The site was founded by Joshua Schachter and Peter Gadjokov in 2003 and acquired by Yahoo in 2005.
It is operated by Nana10, based in Giv'atayim, Israel.
Steven McIntyre is a Canadian mining exploration company director, a former minerals prospector and semi-retired mining consultant whose work has included statistical analysis.
As of 2005, the primary users of the library fell into three main categories.
Leftover points were then donated to charity.
In early 2004, the site was noted for having encouraged bloggers to create "watchblogs" that would dog the every move of individual reporters or conservative pundits.
Google Bookmarks was launched on October 10, 2005.
In 2009, it launched The In Click Network, which is an aggregating tool that allows the company to launch new city and topical sites.
Excite is a collection of web sites and services, launched in December 1995.
However, since May, 2010 the site has been down.
CalPhotos is an online database of natural history photographs, including many useful for identifying wildlife.
It was co-founded by Jonathan Gray and Adam Green.
Cool Site of the Day is an early website created in August 1994 and originally maintained by Glenn Davis.
All features are available for free, with the exception that one may earn an honorary badge of patron status through regular donations.
Unlike other celebrity news sites such as E!
A background goal is to develop and evaluate personalized interventions to improve mood-related problems and social-emotional functioning.
The ridiculous points system contributed as well.
ABC Pool was a project that explores the space between broadcast and participatory media.
multitouch was in use as early as 1985.
For example, Track produced the “Pepsi Smash” concert series, which included concerts with artists including Kanye West, T-Pain, Gwen Stefani, and Mariah Carey.
On November 10, 2013, The New York Times reported that Vox Media had purchased the Curbed Network.
It won the World Summit Award in 2003 in the e-entertainment category and the Webby Award in the games category in 2003.
In 275 AD, the region came under the rule of the later Jewish-influenced Himyarite Kingdom.
Jimmy Wales stated that editors are not required to fax in their degrees, but that submissions will have to pass muster with a technical audience.
Many of the articles produced by the encyclopedia are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License as are some of its multimedia files.
The Players' Tribune is a new media platform that provides content written by professional athletes.
ScienceStage is no longer available and the link leads to a domain "for sale" page.
If a project met its goal, then the project creator got the funds.
Ozoneweb is an EEA website on near real-time ozone.
It is an online facility for detectorists to record their finds and ensure that the information is preserved for future generations.
At the end of January 2011, it was almost 70,000.
These torrent files are read by a client located on an individual's computer.
HupWiki consists of over 1000 articles and documentations.
The products are reviewed by the registered users and aggregated for providing recommendations.
BookFinder.com started operating in Europe under the JustBooks brand in 2006.
Launched in 2014, the software allows users to compare two documents or upload Word and PDF documents to compare against the Internet and internally stored documents.
RW covers Web 2.0 and Web technology in general, and provides industry news, reviews, and analysis.
Its domain came into existence on June 2, 2002.
Also in 2009, Homeoftheunderdogs.net  was created focusing on keeping the site more faithful to the original design.
The Mix Network is a new form of social network that launched in December 2008.
The domain deviantart.com had at least 36 million visitors annually by 2008.
Histrodamus is Estonian web portal, which aim is to introduce history through interactive means.
It was created in 2001 by Filipino web designer Andrew dela Serna.
Its operations have been managed by CEO David Siegel since 2015.
In September 2013, the My Coke Rewards Beta was launched.
Initially, it was a deal of the day website similar to Groupon, but it since changed focus.
Musafir.com is an Internet-based travel agency, based in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates and Mumbai, India.
It was built on Google image search by grouping together images with similar visual and semantic qualities.
is a web-based platform for open discussion and annotation of research publications and related material.
GamePolitics.com was a blog which covers the politics of computer and video games.
In December 2012, Moda Operandi launched their Boutique, in-season shopping that is available to ship immediately.
distributed.net is a distributed computing effort that is attempting to solve large scale problems using otherwise idle CPU or GPU time.
In addition, the company circulates free e-mail newsletters to voluntary subscribers.
It offers, among others: new email accounts, free web hosting, and domain name registration.
It was started on 26 May 2008.
This provides, variously, the same images in different colors or presentations, or similar images with removed, added, or changed content or elements.
Groups is one of the world’s largest collections of online discussion boards.
Hao123 is an online listings portal by Baidu..
Access to basic services is free and advanced services can cost between US$5 and US$119 a month.
It has gradually spread to other countries, and has now published more than 120 volumes.
For every 1,000 searches, Ecocho claims that 1 ton of greenhouse gases are offset through the planting of trees.
The Bits chose wisely: by March 2008, HD-DVD was discontinued.
Miniconomy is free to play, but a premium membership is available.
Among most visited Marathi language websites, Marathi Wikipedia is ranked tenth by alexa.
LingBuzz was created and is maintained by Michal Starke, and is hosted by the University of Tromsø.
The Big Lead is an American news blog that is owned by the Gannett Company, as a sister property of its flagship newspaper USA Today.
Craft NI was set up in 2004 and is located in Cotton Court, Cathedral Quarter, Belfast.
MWO published sometimes-daily blog-like updates of news stories.
300 GSWAN phone connections provided to various offices at Secretariat for direct voice communication to any GSWAN node in the state.
Search Engine Watch is a website that provides news and information about search engines and search engine marketing.
PagSeguro is an online or mobile payment-based e-commerce service for commercial operations.
All the lyrics on LyricWikia are licensed through LyricFind.
It is ad-supported and has been available to read free of charge since 1999, but restricted access for non-US readers via a metered paywall in 2015.
The projects also will be searchable through Black Duck’s Koders.com.
It launched to the public on June 5, 2012.
announced plans to shut down MyWeb on March 18, 2009.
Members could create photo-driven articles which include Wikipedia and Google Maps information.
The magazine includes interviews and articles concerning American contemporary music, composers, improvisers, and musicians.
It was established by Darren Westlake and Luke Lang in 2011.
The Oatmeal has also made the transition to a series of books, featuring content from the webcomic as well as previously unpublished material.
Puntland Post is online publication and weekly newspaper based in Garowe, the administrative capital of the autonomous Puntland region in northeastern Somalia.
data.gov.uk is listed in the Registry of Research Data Repositories re3data.org.
Histrodamus was opened on January 22, 2010, six years after start of the project.
The project monitors the activity of birds, insects, amphibians, grasses, fungi, flowers and trees, all of which are being affected by climate change.
The site is a metasearch engine, integrating data from several sources, including the U.S. Library of Congress API, the Amazon.com database of books, and ISBNdb.com.
The Stadtwiki Karlsruhe is a city wiki of the German town Karlsruhe and its surroundings, which is the largest in the world.
However, they encouraged use and development of third-party applications.
Reader contributions are permitted, and many are published every day.
Tigris competes with the better-known SourceForge, although it is primarily focused on projects for collaborative software development.
Celebuzz, The Frisky, and The Superficial were sold to CPX Interactive.
Node Magazine is a literary project in the guise of a fictional magazine created to annotate the novel Spook Country by William Gibson.
TorrentSpy was a popular BitTorrent indexing website.
In 2010, Indian online retailer Flipkart acquired Weread.
The site won the Webby People's Voice Award in 2006.
GeoGuessr is a web-based geographic discovery game designed by Anton Wallén, a Swedish IT consultant, released on 9 May 2013.
Characterized as a "conspiracy-minded alternative medicine website", Natural News has approximately 7 million unique visitors per month.
Social ownership may refer to forms of public, collective, or cooperative ownership, or to citizen ownership of equity.
It was unveiled at one of TechCrunch's events in 2009 and was acquired by AOL in 2010.
It was founded in 2012 by Denny Luan and Cindy Wu, former University of Washington researchers.
Polycount is a website and community of professional & hobbyist artists that specialize in creating 3D art for video games.
They can also create their own groups of book suggestions and discussions.
EuroparlTV is the webTV of the European Parliament.
WordPuzzles are written by both editors and paying players, and the Trivia Questions of the Day are created by the editorial staff.
Colorful pictures and illustrations adorned the site to further the appearance of legitimacy.
As of August 2017, the edition has about 160,000 articles.
Yahoo allowed comments for news articles until December 19, 2006, when commentary was disabled.
Fangraphs has a number of content partners including ESPN, SB Nation and Fanhouse.
lepetitjournal.com is a daily French language news website aimed at French expatriates and Francophones outside France.
In August 14, 2012, a download option was created, called DCuevana.
Meez was developed Donnerwood Media as an "online entertainment" web service.
This system was developed by NextBus, Inc. for buses, trams, light rail operations and other public transport vehicles.
The LiederNet Archive provides access to both original out-of-copyright song texts and copyright-protected translations submitted by over 500 volunteer translators.
Its editorial board and contributors include such notable figures as its editors Austen Ivereigh and David Scott.
Recipes are created by The Food Channel chefs, as well as recipes from featured cookbooks.
The character has received positive reactions from critics and fans alike.
The goal of the campaign was to encourage safe driving of SUVs.
Submittals are reviewed and edited before being posted.
Nowadays, it publishes news, reviews, features and video reports about technology subjects, with a strong focus on the Netherlands.
The commonground community was founded in April 2007 and has more than 5,000 members from all US 50 states and 67 countries representing over 2,500 companies.
The company is billed as "an online platform where artists submit their songs to industry professionals".
H-Net Academic Announcements: announcements of academic conferences, calls for papers, and programs
It is built through an international collaboration of collectors and experts, and encourages users to submit, edit, update and expand articles for future generations of collectors.
There are also quick-read digests of the UK newspapers' news, opinion and sports pages.
SemiAccurate is a U.S.-based technology-news and -opinion web site, founded in 2009 by Charlie Demerjian after his departure from The Inquirer.
It features the biggest video library of expert advice for parents on the internet.
The Clergy of the Church of England database is an online database of clergy of the Church of England between 1540 and 1835.
Rap Rebirth has been the subject of both praise and controversy within the hip-hop community.
It is commonly referred to by its URI: id.loc.gov.
In 2013, it recorded over 1.1 billion page views on its advert pages.
The site was first launched March 23, 2000  and has since grown considerably.
Buildabazaar.com is an e-commerce Saas platform built by Infibeam with operations in India and Middle East.
Geographs are being collected for all parts of Great Britain and Ireland.
It hosts paid performances by musical artists who perform live via webcam.
Originally produced by Rocketboom, the website was acquired in March 2011 by Cheezburger Network.
Kimberley Echo, a community newspaper based in Kununurra, Kimberley, Western Australia
", much in the spirit of RTFM.
Modern-day articles, book and film reviews, police biographies and an active online forum are also available.
He describes his philosophy as trying to echo how fashion designers looked at what they saw on the street:
This way Milanuncios helps to connect advertisers with those interested in the ad.
It mimics the look, feel and functionality of the desktop environment of an operating system.
The domain name was purchased from someone in the US with the same name.
Over 647,000 photos of minerals have been uploaded, arranged into galleries from collectors and institutions worldwide who wish to share their mineral collections online.
Its current priority is the completion of audio-visual profiles for the c. 17,000 species on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
There were both favourable and unfavourable reviews.
Bulgarian-French structuralist literary critic Tzvetan Todorov originated the concept, characterizing the fantastic as the hesitation of characters and readers when presented with questions about reality.
It was founded in June 2012 by Roy, programmer Michiel de Jong and designer Jan-Christoph Borchardt.
It has been widely criticized by the German media for creating fear of Islam, while it enjoys some support in the conservative press opposed to Islamism.
SimilarWeb Ltd. is a digital market intelligence company co-founded in 2007 by Or Offer.
It was launched in 2011 by Devellar.
Heckel's question was spoken in such badly butchered Japanese, however, that it was unintelligible.
Knowthyneighbor.org was the first lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender group to pioneer this type of activism.
This edition was started in July 2004, and has about 37,000 articles as of August 2017.
Comcast, NBCU and Viacom also took minority equity stakes for undisclosed sums.
Demonoid is a popular BitTorrent tracker and website that includes file-sharing related discussion forums and a searchable index for the tracker.
The most prominent and used project that was born inside CodePlex, the AJAX Control Toolkit is a joint project between the community and Microsoft.
The press operations officer for the AVP, Tim Simmons, has said that the Beach Volleyball Database has had a major impact on the sport.
Abu Dhabi accounts for about two-thirds of the roughly $400-billion United Arab Emirates economy.
Crispy Gamer was an American video game website that published news, culture, reviews, comics, and videos.
This site is headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana leasing space in a warehouse from Access Garage Doors.
Google News is a free news aggregator provided and operated by Google, selecting news from thousands of news websites.
Stuff that matters," as an Adequacy's founding editor claimed to have been a regular troll on Slashdot.
By the 1920s, social democracy and communism had become the two dominant political tendencies within the international socialist movement.
Tablet magazine is an American Jewish general interest online magazine sponsored by Nextbook.
Prior to that relocation, the site's web servers had already been based in the Netherlands and the United States for quite some time.
On January 30, 2009, ABC's 20/20 aired a two-hour special featuring Dr. Fisher and discussing her theory and research behind the Chemistry.com personality test and matching.
As of December 27, 2014, it has more than 48,000 articles.
There was also an associated website game.
In November 2014 Georgian Cameron Harrison and 56 other people were arrested for buying stolen card details from the marketplace.
Comments were re-enabled on March 2, 2010.
The private key is used to sign the messages sent and to decrypt the messages received by the key's owner.
The website contains news, interviews, film reviews and a database of people, films and film studios as well as an illustrated glossary of terms.
The project is financed by citizens of the Russian Federation on a non-commercial basis.
Based in the eastern city of Hangzhou, BlogCN has built the world's largest Chinese blog community, blog hosting service, and blog search engine.
Chairish is an online vintage furniture, art and home accessories sales service.
It revolutionised the online search method in Hong Kong as it was then the only hierarchical directory providing search contents in Traditional Chinese.
The first "fail" was placed onto the website on December 3, 2009.
Indiatimes Shopping currently operates through a hybrid model which is a mix of warehousing and marketplace.
Created in 1998, its name is derived from the World Wide Web, but is not affiliated with the W3C.
Jezebel is a blog geared towards women, under the tagline "Celebrity, Sex, Fashion for Women.
Loudwire is an online magazine that covers hard rock and heavy metal music.
Because of this status, it was frequently used as a source for news stories about the expat community.
In January 2014, The Pan-Arabia Enquirer held an exhibition at the Dubai-based DUCTAC centre.
Wrong Planet comes up in the special education curriculum of many universities in the United States.
It is a subsidiary of the TOM Group, controlled by Li Ka Shing.
Popbitch is a weekly UK-based celebrity and pop music newsletter and associated website dating from the early 2000s.
Bands that wish to upload more than 2-3 songs can sign up for a premium account for a few dollars a month.
In September 2011, Google announced it would discontinue a number of its products, including Aardvark.
Urturn hoped these brands would be a source of revenue in addition to affiliate deals for music and other products.
As of 5 August 2017, it had 8,129 articles.
Risk mitigation comprises prevention, preparedness and post-crisis management.
Founded in 2007, the blog also co-hosts the Philadelphia Geek Awards with the Academy of Natural Sciences of Drexel University.
The Pan-Arabia Enquirer is an English-language satirical website that is often likened to The Onion of the Middle East.
Tutanota is an open-source end-to-end encrypted email software and freemium hosted secure email service.
It uses radicals, mnemonics, and a spaced repetition learning system in order to help its users memorize the characters and vocabulary more effectively.
'Spotters' are DSI members who review and photograph events and promote DSI.
Zenodo has integration with GitHub to make code hosted in GitHub citable.
E2 is moderated for quality, but has no formal policy on subject matter.
As of August 2017, the Dutch Wikipedia is the third-largest Wikipedia edition, with 1,907,979 articles.
The auction closed on 11 January with a winning bid of $38,100 that brought the final tally to $1,037,100 in gross income.
Members are encouraged to upload picture galleries to the site for events they've attended, add events and venues and otherwise contribute.
Askalo was a social networking and user-generated local question-and-answer site.
It covers various topics including film, TV, politics and Internet culture.
Wiktionary data are frequently used in various natural language processing tasks.
Although the website is no longer updated, its archives are still available at firejoemorgan.com.
A number of phrases yield intentional responses.
A particular feature is the early computing pioneer Alan Turing, among others.
The site was created in December 1995 by William J. Walton and has been regularly updated for more than a decade.
Metadata such as notes can be added which are viewable to members within an organization.
It has been mentioned in news sources such as Hua Sheng Online as a way for Chinese people living overseas to get news.
The website has been used as a reliable source of information by publishers such as Bloomberg Businessweek, Forbes the New York Times, and ESPN.
Media Lens is a British media analysis website established in 2001 by David Cromwell and David Edwards.
The Useless Web was an example of early web humor.
Gaysir is a Norwegian website, aimed mainly at gay and bisexual men and women.
On January 25, 2008, the Basque Wikipedia was awarded the Argia Saria granted by the magazine Argia in the category of Internet.
The paper is published monthly and is also available online.
LingBuzz is a repository of electronic preprints and other kinds of published and unpublished articles in the field of linguistics.
iMedicor reached its 32,000th physician registration on December 12, 2007.
Uclick content includes comic strips, editorial cartoons, puzzles, casual games, manga, comic books, syndicated columns, photography and illustration.
This site has agreed to post that they are unrelated to 43 Things, but continue to use the name and URL.
LUSENET was a free public bulletin board system active from 1995 to 2005.
Football Outsiders is a website started in July 2003 which focuses on advanced statistical analysis of the NFL.
It went live on July 28, 2008.
In 2012, BeautifulPeople launched an exclusively gay version of BeautifulPeople.com.
The Bilddagboken sister sites have been 'live' for almost 2 years and have failed to capture any presence within International markets.
In December 2012 DontStayIn was taken over by Love Socio Ltd, a subsidiary company of Web Giants Ltd.
Postcrossing is the union of the words "postcard" and "crossing" and its origin "is loosely based on the Bookcrossing site".
Besides the dominant themes, now Bilibili offers videos about music, dancing, science, entertainment, movie, drama, and fashion.
Wikipedia is owned by the nonprofit Wikimedia Foundation.
It was built on the principles of tagging, rather than creating explicit interpersonal links.
Aside from their own news articles the site also features articles bought from news agencies ANP and Novum.
The computing use of the term 'archive' should not be confused with the record-keeping meaning of the term.
The goals are to help investigators identify opportunities for collaborative biomedical research and improve the consistency of data collection.
Buyers of services are mainly start-up companies looking to save on business costs.
Amazon Glacier is an online file storage web service that provides storage for data archiving and backup.
It also has a list of characters and their descriptions, as well as an important quotes section.
There are currently 33 discographies on the website.
In 2012, Slashdot had around 3.7 million unique visitors per month and received over 5300 comments per day.
Surchur, located in Carnation, Washington, was privately held and self-funded.
The Atlas of Living Australia is the Australian node of the Global Biodiversity Information Facility.
Its goal is easier collaboration among researchers with improved data access and processing efficiency.
To provide a documentary-based venue for critical discussion about the art of making video games.
See'n'Report's platform is now used by leading news and television channels in Pakistan to run citizen journalism initiatives, including Geo TV and Samaa TV.
On October 16, 2006, Cartoon Network shut down Cartoon Orbit, leaving users with a "Thank You" certificate as a token of their appreciation.
FeedBurner was founded by Dick Costolo, Eric Lunt, Steve Olechowski, and Matt Shobe.
asked users to vote for one among a list of seven charities which received a portion of $100,000 from Yahoo!
Tauberer won a contest from Technorati for using it to link bills to the blog posts discussing them.
They sold the site to ZVUE Corporation in August 2008 for $15 million cash and $2.5 million in stock, with further payouts upon performance.
Maps was a free online mapping portal provided by Yahoo!, and powered by Here mapping.
Starting in the mid-1990s, it allowed users to view, plant and take care of a small garden, using an Adept-1 industrial robotic arm controlled online.
Pegasus News was an online-only hyperlocal news source for the Dallas–Fort Worth region founded by Mike Orren.
As of January 2013 it is the 19th most visited website in Armenia and has about 38,000 visitors daily.
We Heart It is an image-based social network for inspiring images.
It quickly rose to become one of the top 10,000 American sites in traffic.
Jayski's Silly Season Site is a web site focusing primarily on NASCAR news and rumors.
Google Account users may create a publicly accessible Google profile, to configure their presentation on Google products to other Google users.
Superbad is a noted web art installation created by Ben Benjamin in 1997.
Therefore, player actions inside EQII will affect what happens in Fortune League and prizes from Fortune League will help users advance back in the EQII environment.
The old orange ijji logo was replaced by a new metallic looking logo.
It currently operates in 56 cities PAN India.
The Echo, an evening newspaper which serves South Essex
The League recently added Broadway Touring shows to the database for ease of tracking shows that play in theatres across the country.
VnExpress is a Vietnamese online newspaper, run by FPT Corporation.
The database is used as source of legal and reference information in universities and libraries all over the world.
newmatilda.com, commonly known as New Matilda, is a left-wing independent Australian website of news, analysis and satire.
The articles were originally written in Wikimedia Incubator, and the Crimean Tatar Wikipedia was created on January 12, 2008.
The portal provides access to websites of ministries and their departments, websites of state bodies and e-Services.
MI6-HQ.com is a media-website dedicated to the people, places and world of James Bond, providing daily updates on the subject.
The main goal of the web site is to teach mathematics differently and to make it accessible to everyone through visual puzzles and games.
It is based in Tallinn, Estonia but caters to an international audience, symbolically recognized by the acquisition of an EU domain in 2008.
Based upon a statement in its 2013 financial report, the site appears to be online since 2010.
"Eroa kirkosta" translates to "resign from the church".
The encyclopedia won the first prize for the Queen Rania National Entrepreneurship Award for the category of universities and academics in 2011.
Forbes listed the professional retreat as one of the "Top 4 Retreats to Explore in 2013."
In September 2010, the company announced Series A funding of $6 million from Azure Capital Partners with OATV and First Round Capital participating.
In 2012, Weintraub was nominated for a Press Award by the International Cinematographers Guild for his work at Collider.com.
Nate is a South Korean web portal, developed by SK Communications.
Gossip has been researched in terms of its evolutionary psychology origins.
The French Wikipedia is the French language edition of the free online encyclopedia Wikipedia.
The project was started on 21 July 2004.
Tepilo is a UK-based online estate agent founded in 2009 by Sarah Beeny, a TV presenter on Channel 4 and digital product design studio, Codegent.
All the 24 districts, except Gandhinagar, are connected on 2 Mbit/s leased lines with the Secretariat Center.
It is a collaborative effort by amateur genealogists and family historians, with over 61,000 unique people having their own pages among over 215,000 articles.
Copyscape is used by content owners to detect cases of "content theft", in which content is copied without permission from one site to another.
The Turkish Wikipedia is the Turkish language edition of Wikipedia, spelled Vikipedi.
MacRumors.com is a website that aggregates Mac and Apple related news, rumors, and reports.
Bit-Tech is also prominent in the custom case modding scene, providing a focus point for professional and amateur case modders.
Protagonize is an online creative writing community based in Vancouver, BC, Canada.
The SLN Annual Review 2015 included contributions from Lord Advocate Frank Mulholland QC and Judge Jed S. Rakoff.
The company slogan is "picture, video, and profile sharing for men!"
Little Green Footballs is an American political blog run by web designer Charles Johnson.
In addition Chaturbate generates revenue from the audience when they purchase tokens using their credit cards.
Iranian.com is a website that hosts blogs, news, and commentaries by and for the Iranian diaspora.
ZeroPaid.com is a website concerning news, computer software, community, and file sharing.
The Big Issue is a web documentary on the obesity epidemic, directed by Samuel Bollendorff and Olivia Colo.
Not every song could be downloaded, and users could not burn more than two tracks from the same artist to CD.
By 2010, DeviantArt users were submitting over 1.4 million "favorites" and 1.5 million comments daily.
Founded in November 2003, it has more than 100 000 articles by 2015.
Lumosity is an online program consisting of games claiming to improve memory, attention, flexibility, speed of processing, and problem solving.
When a URL of a web page is entered, the service makes a local copy of the HTML and stylesheet.
On November 21, 2013 Caesars Online Casino was licensed and approved by the state of New Jersey in online gaming for real money.
In order to translate the text, the computer first compares it to a database of words.
The site initially used the Amadeus global distribution system for its flights, but has grown to use many other distribution systems over the years.
The Public Whip is a parliamentary informatics project that analyses and publishes the voting history of MPs in the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
By 2014 the submission rate had grown to more than 8,000 per month.
It is headquartered in Hong Kong, but has offices in various countries including Poland, The Netherlands and China.
On February 27, 2012, Figment announced it would purchase and merge user bases with its rival site, Inkpop.com.
The domain name Stratics.com was registered on January 27, 1998 to facilitate the community's uniqueness and purpose.
Musk had asked Urban to write an explanatory article about a month and a half before.
The database is searchable by keyword and by subsequence.
It has been active since February 20, 2007.
In an interview with The Washington Post, founding managing editor Colby Hall described the site as "Huffington Post meets Gawker."
thesixtyone was our baby for most of our twenties.
During 2011, BTJunkie was the 5th most popular BitTorrent site.
Sheet Music Plus, also known as SheetMusicPlus.com, is an online retailer of sheet music located in Emeryville, CA.
This version of the website allowed no interaction and had no game play capability.
The company's flagship service provides entertainment professionals and enthusiasts with a fast and easy way to obtain detailed information about the film industry.
On Friday, Aug. 1, 2014, an email to users announced it was shutting down.
Content includes previews, editorials, and reviews, as well as interviews with developers and publishers.
Korrespondent.net is a bilingual Ukrainian and Russian project while the magazine is Russian-only.
The programme will be taking place again in 2014 if supporters fund once again for this hopeful and productive scheme.
The website, as accessed in late March 2015, had an English version, and an expanded map including Sicily.
The data is then displayed on the user's profile page and compiled to create reference pages for individual artists.
With over 1.2 million viewers per month, from 183 countries, NotJustOk is one of the most visited websites in Nigeria.
Since passwords were both hashed and salted using the bcrypt algorithm the effort to decrypt all the passwords would have been very large.
Most news published daily are short summaries of articles published elsewhere, and are free to all viewers.
It is a sister project to Geograph, which also includes Northern Ireland.
Contributors include authors and journalists, historians, record producers, broadcasters, lecturers, archivists, collectors and publishers.
Acid2 was released on 13 April 2005.
It has a market share of 18% among mobile operators.
Blogcritics features more than 100 original articles every week, and maintains an archive of all its published content.
Similar to Twitter, Me2day was popular in South Korea with earlier establishments in android market, especially among adolescents and youth of twenties.
Interia, formerly Interia.pl, is a large Polish web portal created in 2000 in Kraków, Poland.
Baidu Knows is a Chinese language collaborative Web-based collective intelligence by question and answer provided by the Chinese search engine Baidu.
Third parties have also released visual styles, though these require modification of core Windows components to work.
Compete.com reported that Someecards.com received over 570,000 visitors in October 2011.
Recently, they have pivoted away from its earlier Facebook-like incarnation towards a Pinterest-like website showcasing art, photography, fashion and web culture.
The site is particularly popular among users in Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan and Georgia.
A "news" section featured on the front page of the site includes short notes and links to articles on the web.
It functions as a self-promotion and networking platform for graphic design, web design, illustration, photography, and other creative areas.
It was founded on February 20, 2011 to unite the two former most popular Finnish imageboards, Kotilauta and Lauta.net.
On September 14, 2009, IPredator "The Second Batch" became available for public consumption.
The best known service is the file server called ftp.fsn.hu, which is Hungary's largest, independent free software distribution point.
The blog moved away from the right around 2009.
The service was powered by a company-owned technology called MapTP which offers features like a 3-D route flight and complete interactivity with each map.
The service sends emails to the user when it finds new results—such as web pages, newspaper articles, blogs, or scientific research—that match the user's search term(s).
The site's domain became inactive on April 8th, 2017.
I was just going to cover this and focus on that."
This growth rate slowed during the Great Recession of 2007–09, and has rebounded slowly.
At the time of its launch, Trekiz.com focused on tourism in China, but has since added activities, tours and hotel reservations in other international destinations.
Files uploaded can be up to 5 terabytes in size.
These codes were converted into virtual "points" which could in turn be redeemed by members for various prizes or sweepstakes entries.
Chong personally responded to a criticism of her on the site, leading to a stream of correspondence that spilled over onto Chong's own blog on WAtoday.
University of Fashion is an online library of fashion design video lessons.
TV TIME is an online service centered exclusively on television series.
More data was released on August 20, 2015.
KartMe is a social networking website and mobile application that specializes in social cataloging.
Coverage is purely domestic in each country, and includes current events, politics, business, sports and culture, as well as analysis and opinion.
Harper and Moyse have since been invited to speak at technology conferences, including The Startup Career Launchpad in association with Google.
VVVVID's service is free of charge and available exclusively in Italy on the Web and via dedicated apps for iPad and for Android smartphones and tablets.
Well-known authors write "pep-talks" to keep them motivated throughout the process.
The site received media attention in 2012, following the hosting of a video which showed a real-life murder being committed by Luka Magnotta.
In addition to the Drugstore.com website, the company also maintains storefronts at Beauty.com, VisionDirect.com, Lensmart.com, Lensworld.com, and Lensquest.com.
Spinner was a music and entertainment website, founded as an Internet radio website during the late 1990s.
Even though Toomey lost that race, the website continued as a gathering place for conservatives and Specter's foes.
Club described it as "endlessly and deeply absorbing".
Momlogic.com was an American parenting website launched by Telepictures Productions and Warner Bros. Television in November 2007.
While most of these visitors are from India, around 28 per cent come from outside India.
All of the content is generated by the users of the website.
The Persian version of Wikipedia was started in December 2003.
Every game showcased is accompanied by a set of screenshots, and reviews written and proof-read by members.
MadameNoire is owned by Moguldom Media Group, and launched in 2010.
This moderated community is free to join, but requires registration to participate.
Bit-Tech is an online magazine for computer hardware enthusiasts, gamers and case modders, based in the UK.
WisPolitics.com company employs 10 people, including editors, reporters, programmers, and sales people.
It was started in 1995 by current editor-in-chief Joe Shea.
CAG is heavily dependent on user-submitted deals.
Winter were an Irish progressive rock / metal band, who received critical acclaim for their live performances in the 1980s and 1990s.
Jeff Keller took a position at Digital Photography Review in February 2013, where he is a Senior Writer.
In April 2007, the print edition of BAE was sold again to businessman Sergio Szpolski.
Such icons serve as hieroglyphs—simple, recognizable symbols on whose significance everyone agrees."
Today, the service comes with 15 gigabytes of free storage.
It also includes a forum, a news block, a photo-gallery and an animators labour exchange.
They also own Twoo.com, a free social discovery platform launched in 2011, and Stepout, an application for meeting new people nearby.
The blog was named after Times and Seasons, a nineteenth-century Latter Day Saint periodical.
It was launched in 2012 and is operated by the Naughty America label.
In September 2016, Apple announced that the real-time collaboration feature will be available for all iWork apps.
Player FC mission is to create a global network for football community where scouts, agents, coaches and young footballers connect.
Most of the users are aged between 13 and 22, with the mean age being about 20 years.
The Indonesian Wikipedia is the fifth-fastest-growing Wikipedia in an Asian language after the Japanese, Chinese, Korean, and Turkish language Wikipedias.
Barnes & Noble acquired SparkNotes.com in 2001 for approximately $3.5 million.
It was formerly the website for the monthly business magazine Condé Nast Portfolio, published by Condé Nast from 2007 to 2009.
Visitors could discover photos by using a search engine, a map of the world, or their contacts' tags and home pages.
In the 1980s, a low-priced dial-up version of a subset of Dialog was marketed to individual users as Knowledge Index.
And, man, is this girl good on screen.
ShareReactor was an index site for files on the eDonkey network and Torrent files.
Situation Publishing Ltd is listed as the site's publisher.
The platform was launched globally on October 26, 2010.
As of 2007, it contained over two million pages.
The website operates similar to how a real stock exchange works.
The current version was launched in April, 2009.
In September 2009, a major expansion of the BCT factory was completed, making it the largest and most efficient tile-making plant on one site in Europe.
The site was created during the lead-up to the 2004 U.S. Presidential election to predict the winner.
The website is supported by Web 2.0 software.
The site has over 4 million profiles worldwide, over 1 million of which are in the United States.
In 2000, Vidi declared Sportnet the best Croatian sports website.
In March 2015, CV-Library moved past TotalJobs to become the second largest website in terms of UK jobs listed behind Reed.
The application worked by enabling users to "pipe" information from different sources and then set up rules for how that content should be modified.
It is based in Zurich, Switzerland and has been operational since 2007.
As of March 2015, Engrade ranks in the top 5,000 US websites.
As of 15 January 2016, the site lists 669,601 open source projects, 681,345 source control repositories, 3,848,524 contributors and 31,688,426,179 lines of code.
Bishop and Cook joined the Puget Sound Business Journal to create TechFlash in September 2008, leaving to start GeekWire on March 7, 2011.
Ezbob, is an UK based software provider for banks and other financial institutions.
It has over 4000 users who swap an average of 10 books daily .
Fracture's main service is printing photos directly onto glass.
Michael Lynn, Virgil Griffith, Billy Hoffman, and Dolemite are all members of the site.
The site partnered with companies in the video rental industry on a service to integrate local video rental outlets with online business services.
The UK Detector Finds Database is an initiative by some members of the metal-detecting community in the United Kingdom to promote good practice within the hobby.
In June 2014, it was named by EdTech Europe as one of Europe's 20 fastest growing and most Innovative e-Learning companies.
The company is based in the Old Street Roundabout area in London.
As of January 2012, more than a quarter of the combined total of postcards were sent from Finland, Russia, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Belarus and Ukraine.
There is also a downloads section featuring reviews for popular free software.
UKSCblog was created by, amongst others, Hugh Tomlinson QC of Matrix Chambers and Dan Tench, Head of Judicial Review and Public Law at law firm Olswang.
OurStage.com is a web and mobile-based music community offering free music streaming, discovery, and editorial content.
The site was launched on 10 January 1997 and was nominated for a Webby Award for film in 1999.
In February 2012, DealDash obtained the domain name for Swoopo.com.
The raid had been preceded by a police hearing in Banja Luka, in which Klix.ba journalists had already been required to surrender their sources.
The book and the film adaptations both vividly depict an odd Wonka, a phoenix-like man arising from his creative and strange genius.
It can be accessed via the extensions .eu, .be or .nl, though the latter is the main extension.
The search engine emphasizes new knowledge vs. the reinforcing of existing information.
Dubbed BBC Hello World, the project had four major elements:
Global Memory Net is a world digital library of cultural, historical, and heritage image collections.
It was created on 5 October 2004.
Wonkette covers US politics from Washington DC to local schoolboards.
One of the most noticeable actions was the publication of several hundred photos depicting the coffins of U.S. soldiers fallen in Iraq.
The blog boasts over 300,000 page views daily according to Popmatters.
The web site was closed on 28 October 2008.
Toytown Germany is partnered with major German news companies including Der Spiegel, Deutsche Welle, and Die Welt.
The Chattanoogan and its website Chattanoogan.com is an online media outlet that concentrates on news from Chattanooga, Tennessee.
Musicians pay a fee to submit their music to industry professionals, often more than $10, in exchange for a guaranteed listen and response.
IndiaWeekly has over 1 million fans on social networking site Facebook.
The website was operated as a hobby by David Rock of Cheltenham, England.
It was one of the earliest websites catered specifically towards women at a time when the World Wide Web was largely a male domain.
It has the fifth-largest number of edits.
Between January and May 2004, there were approximately 5.5 million visits each day.
The Polish Wikipedia is the Polish-language edition of Wikipedia, a free online encyclopedia.
It consisted of a website which initially collected public submissions of ordure, as well as documenting various installations undertaken by the museum.
Following the ban, the site experienced a 50% drop in visits, and was 'on the brink of disaster'.
Apps are based on Google APIs or on Google Apps Script.
By obtaining information about the encryption of the different hotspots, WiGLE tries to create an awareness of the need for security by running a wireless network.
The information made public included addresses, education employment, income, and sexual preferences.
The APTN Secretariat is hosted at ICT Agency of Sri Lanka.
Deadmalls.com is an independent not-for-profit website best known for featuring shopping malls in the United States that have failed or are in the process of failing.
Spicetone is a music technology company focusing on guitar effect pedals.
Womensforum is a United States-based online community website for women.
Some Chinese authors and critics register their official personal pages on the site.
Eurobasket.com claims to cover basketball in 193 countries and 435 leagues around the world, with over 382,000 player profiles updated daily.
The game was originally commissioned for AT&T's proposed Interchange network, an intended competitor for AOL.
When frame rate is a limiting factor, one smooth scrolling technique is to blur images during movement that would otherwise appear to "jump".
An April 2004 report noted that it had 180 registered users at that time.
The sites slogans are, "Sports News With a Happy Ending" and "Have You Had Your Sports Climax Today?"
It provides world-wide news, subtitled music videos, editorials, interviews, and also hosts various events such as album sales and concerts.
Cyréalis was bought by M6 in 2008.
Mail1click generates an RSA key 4096 bits in length.
Carroll is an Assistant Professor of neuroscience in the Department of Psychology at Western Washington University.
The ISP acquired the service in 2006.
Howe has served as the editor-in-chief since the dictionary's inception, with visitors to the website able to make suggestions for additions or corrections to articles.
It got also quite a number of reviews in German online press and blogs: a list of all available reviews is here.
Gawker Media also managed other blogs such as Jezebel, io9, Deadspin and Kotaku.
The Million Dollar Homepage is a website conceived in 2005 by Alex Tew, a student from Wiltshire, England, to raise money for his university education.
She has also been featured on numerous websites, NPR, and The Martha Stewart Show.
My main prerogative is that the submission should be intelligent and capable of making people think."
Users can create free accounts in the following categories: Fan, Artist, Record Label, DJ, Industry Pro or Writer.
Gay.com also competes internationally with dudesnude, gayromeo, and gaydar.
In 2010 The Marco Polo Cycling Club came back online.
Notable writers included professors Maciej Bernhardt and Artur Kijas.
As of March 16, 2017, Lurkmore contains 7573 articles.
The website streamed free, live, and on-demand video from the Paradiso, Melkweg venues in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and The Roxy Theatre venue in Los Angeles.
At that point the company said it had amassed 17 million active users.
The site emphasizes collaboration, with a forum, a question/answer module, messaging features that encourage user interaction, and discussion pages on each term.
In July 2007, all rights to manage the services were taken over into Daum.
The company for several years was affiliated to the Grey Group EMEA but is now a member of the Publicis Groupe 
We7 reached 500,000 users and 3.5 million tracks in March 2009 and 3 million users and 6.8 million tracks in January 2011.
As of February 2013 it was the 15th most popular website in Poland.
Pantip.com is a popular Thai-language website and discussion forum.
In 2014, the TrueAchievements Xbox One application was made available to allow users to access several of the site's features directly on their consoles.
Value Expectations is an interface for investors and is meant to serve as an outlet covering topics on corporate performance and equity valuation.
ikman.lk is a premier classified advertisements website operating in Sri Lanka.
The website was relaunched in January 2006 with more features, music downloads and online shop.
Currently, the company employs approximately 20 people, including writers, programmers, graphic designers and sales people.
Ballotpedia is a nonpartisan online political encyclopedia.
PlanetRomeo, started as Men4rent and then previously named as GayRomeo, is a social network for gay, bisexual and transgender people.
UGO Entertainment, Inc. was a website that provided coverage of online media in entertainment, targeting males aged 18–34.
EarthCam, Inc., based in Upper Saddle River, New Jersey, United States, provides webcam content, technology and services.
In 2013 the company opened offices in France, Spain and Italy.
The Ossetian Wikipedia is the Ossetian-language edition of the free online encyclopedia Wikipedia.
It was shut down on December 2, 2003 by CNET, which, after purchasing the domain name, established the current MP3.com site.
ch-aviation is an airline intelligence provider based in Chur, Switzerland.
TNB is also an independent publisher of fiction and nonfiction, having launched its own imprint called TNB Books in June 2010.
In June 2016, the company finalized the acquisition of Texas-based A to Z Tire & Battery, Inc. That business has since been renamed Omnisource.
The service was shut down in 2017.
As of September 2015 it has been discontinued with the notice "The WebPlatform project has been discontinued when the Stewards partnership agreement ended in September 2015.
It also has some features of social networks.
The anthology of the same name is being issued by the founder since 2005.
All transactions on Agora are conducted in bitcoin.
As of December 8, 2015, the Asturian Wikipedia has more than 45,000 articles, making it the 77-largest Wikipedia.
The site was developed to allow easy to find and browse music with a consistent user-interface and minimal clutter.
ChineseSkill is a free mobile application for learning Mandarin Chinese.
The European is a German magazine published in Berlin, Germany.
Janina Gavankar played the role of the Ms. Dewey character.
Users either buy a subscription or upload documents in order to receive membership and access website material.
On 7 December 2008 Estonian Wikipedian Andres Luure was one of fifteen individuals recognized for volunteerism in Estonia for 2008.
On 2 March 2010, the BBC reported that it will cut its website spending by 25% and close BBC 6 Music and Asian Network.
Island Cricket is a sports website that contains news, photos, videos, blogs, columns and interviews relating to the Sri Lanka cricket team.
Target users are on the Chinese mainland.
As of August 2017, this edition has about 6,700 articles.
Orlando Weekly called his legal brief, "one of the most entertaining legal documents you're likely to come across."
He reopened it a few years later in a watered-down form.
Political Scrapbook is a left wing political blog.
In 1998 the service was extended back to food with the launch of ‘Orderline'.
In 2014 Google announced it would be shutting the service down.
NextGen Player is a Canadian-based gaming news website, blog, and monthly podcasting site.
Qzone is a social networking website which was created by Tencent in 2005.
This is defined as placing a bid on an auction item at the last possible moment.
Written in AJAX the results are shown directly on the page.
The company was founded in May 2012.
DailyBooth was funded by the startup funding firm, Y Combinator.
The site is notable for its wide usage of the word "snark" to describe its typical style of sarcastic review.
MyMiniFactory has a significant focus on toys and games according to the news organizaiton, 3DPrint.
It is different from other online subscription education services in that an in-house publishing team edits uploaded works mainly for grammar and formatting.
In February 2010, Tinychat launched Tinychat Next, a service similar to Chatroulette.
It was launched on November 17, 2003.
The content of the website was available in ten languages: Albanian, Bosnian, Bulgarian, Croatian, English, Greek, Macedonian, Romanian, Serbian, Russian and Turkish.
As of July 14, 2009, the company was purchased by Nuance Communications.
As of 13 March 2017, the site is not available.
Dichtbij.nl is a Dutch news portal delivering nationwide local news which began as a "citizen journalism website".
HipHopDX was nominated for "Best Hip Hop Online Site" at the 2012 BET Hip Hop Awards.
OmegaWiki is a translating multilingual dictionary based on a relational database.
Makeoutclub.com was an early social networking website, the first that catered towards youth and indie music culture.
As well as offering reviews, the site also provides price comparison and allows the user to click through and purchase products.
The site was founded mainly by three Austrian members of the lomographic Society, they are known by their aliases, Doc, Webmeister, and Andi.
It used the MediaWiki software, running at version 1.6.8, and did not carry advertising.
Launched on 13 December 2010, the site hosts over 150,000 reference articles, biographies and academic works.
MWO had always linked directly to Bartcop's site and an essay of his, The Myth of the "liberal" media, as a kind of mission statement.
More specifically, this commercial legal and business technology platform integrates Bloomberg L.P. news with Bloomberg BNA's primary and secondary legal content and business development tools.
Any resident of the U.S. or UK could participate to test their own geographic knowledge and to support their nation.
Both of the co-founders are Chinese nationals who studied and worked overseas before returning to China.
For active administrators not involved in controversies the re-election is often just a routine.
Sterne was named one of 'America's Most Promising Social Entrepreneurs' by BusinessWeek in 2009.
The name of the portal is a portmanteau of the words Vikas and encyclopedia.
Photo share is based on access control to photos by groups and relationships ensuring privacy and a photo sharing community under strict Norwegian law.
Both games are designed and run by Vapormedia.
Its culture was the topic of a participative journalism project by Scott Berkun, entitled The Year Without Pants: WordPress.com and the Future of Work.
As of October 2016, VK ranked as the most popular social networking website in Belarus, Ukraine and Kazakhstan.
Among them are two Tamils, Rajeev Kugan and Arjun Mano, who introduced him to Tamil cinema.
It secretes digestive enzymes and gastric acid to aid in food digestion.
Up until August 2005, it was a blog but at that point it transitioned into a news magazine website format.
Books That Grow seeks to help users become better readers and allow educator to measure students' abilities and track their progress.
Two days later on August 18, the company announced that Gawker.com would cease operations the following week, while its other sites will continue to operate.
The journal evolved from Roggio's personal blog with which he reported on conflicts involving terrorism and Islamic insurgencies around the world.
The site is divided into five categories: female cams, male cams, couple cams, transgender cams and spy shows.
On May 5, 2013, Defense Distributed made public the 3D printable files for the world's first fully 3D printable gun, the Liberator .380 single shot pistol.
The Internet History Sourcebooks Project is located at the Fordham University History Department and Center for Medieval Studies.
The Big Art Mob is a website founded in 2006 and re-launched in 2012 that provides a platform and toolset for documenting and mapping public art.
The search engine was funded by a Palo Alto based Internet startup SearchMe and was officially launched on January 17, 2007.
The site hosts an active message board community which hosts discussion about the cartoon and podcasts.
        
Scarfolk is a fictional northern English town created by writer and designer Richard Littler, who is sometimes identified as the town mayor.
Discussions currently concern privacy, sourcing and original research issues.
Offbeatr was launched in August 2012 by the Los Angeles based start-up Extra Lunch Money.
Dogs On Acid, is a UK-based electronic music website, established in 2001.
According to the website, the database holds over 100,000 tracks released by more than 20,000 artists.
Files can be sent either by an Internet browser or by a downloadable application for Microsoft Windows.
The company is a subsidiary of Israeli start-up Qlipso.
In August 2014, HotPads launched an updated version of the site.
The acquisition was concluded in March 2012.
Australia.gov.au is an Australian public sector website, created by the Government of Australia to provide a single entry point to government in Australia.
Yemen is the second-largest country in the peninsula, occupying 527,970 km2.
Hackaday also has a YouTube channel where it posts projects and how-to videos.
ThinkHotels.com is a British online hotel booking portal, registered with British Hospitality Association which was established in 2012.
Pope2you is available in English, German, French, Spanish and Italian mutations.
Searching is free and delivers metadata records as well as digital objects, mostly free of charge.
By August 2014, the site's url permanently redirected to Yahoo Tech.
The ability to accept RSVPs for an event
Its inventory includes hotels and B&Bs, and some condos and other types of commercial lodging.
Sharekhan is an online website portal for online trading, investments and stock marketing.
Launched in 1999 by Gibby Miller, Makeoutclub introduced features and concepts, which later became standard in the social networking sites that followed".
A wide variety of Google products do not require an account, including Google Search, YouTube, Google Books, Google Finance and Google Maps.
The service initially offered paid service plans to companies including Method Products, Timbuk2, Twitter, and Digg.
Dipdive was home to variety of creative content and social causes.
To test a web browser, the user must visit the home page of the website html5test.com.
Notable for its vibrant community, The Huffington Post has ranked Smashing Magazine as one of the best places for web developers to find jobs.
This article is about the company as a whole, which refers to itself as The Student Room.
Microsoft concluded this preview stage in February 2016, when it began to roll out the new version to users' accounts, beginning with North America.
Mail, which included improvements to performance, search, and Facebook integration.
was a centralized location where software developers could develop, distribute and maintain free software.
Tagged claims it has 300 million members.
Pegasus News won a Katie Award from the Dallas Press Club and an Eppy Award from Editor & Publisher in 2008 for "Best Web Site".
The website's offices are in San Francisco.
It has a Big Board ranking inside the top 900, making it amongst the most frequently visited cricket forums.
Gooya started its own independent news section, Gooya News, a few years later.
On May 8, 2009, PopSci announced that the PPX exchange would close on May 31, 2009, almost two years after it first opened.
By 2007 EstDomains gained a reputation for hosting illegal content.
The network will be used for communicating between the G2G, G2B, G2C, and other Government departments.
A notable example is former editor Stuart Staniford's analysis of the depletion of Saudi Arabia's Ghawar oil field.
Brandchannel offers a platform that features a dynamic newsfeed, articles, global conference listings, industry debates, a directory of agencies, and other branding resources.
In the United States, TypePad is sold at four different paid subscription levels.
Bhoomi succeeded because there was a champion who worked a 15-hour day for over 12 months, devoting 80% of his time to the project.
In an effort to make it simpler and more efficient, Yahoo had an uploader tool to drag and drop the pictures from one's computer to Yahoo!
IslamicTorrents was a website under the umbrella of the Digital Halal Islamic portal.
Disability.gov offered information for the more than 50 million Americans with disabilities.
The moderators match each question to a volunteer's area of expertise.
Partially true stories are rated "Truth & Fiction," "Truth But Inaccurate Details," or similar.
It was run by Saul Hansell, a former technology reporter for the New York Times.
In June 2014, the company was based San Diego, California, United States.
OttoBib accepts ISBNs with either 10 or 13 digits.
This representation is also more flexible since it can be rendered at different resolutions to suit different output devices.
The website has since been taken over officially by JobsDB in August 2008, it was mentioned that JobsDB had negotiated its purchase since 2007.
HistoryLink is a website that is an encyclopedia of Washington State history.
Virato is a search engine and aggregator for current news in Germany, which have achieved a high level of reach on the social web.
It was also used by academics and students as a virtual educational tool.
As of 12 March 2014, the source code of the BibSonomy web application is available under the GNU Affero General Public License.
Plagiarized and copyright-infringing material is prohibited from GroundReport, and offending users are banned from the site.
It was started by members of the Society of Professional Journalists Internet discussion list but was never affiliated with the SPJ.
A developer's guide is available to aid in integration.
Simpy was a web-based personal and social bookmarking service.
Its current headquarters is at 1st Floor, GFSB, Irish Town, Gibraltar.
Dictionary.com is an online dictionary whose domain was first registered on May 14, 1995.
Users expressed concerns that their personal data may be sold to telemarketers or used for other purposes potentially hurting their privacy.
Thanks to Stargate fandom, the franchise has spawned other media including books, television series, video games, comic books and audiobooks.
BBC News Online is the website of BBC News, the division of the BBC responsible for newsgathering and production.
The company was founded by Matthew Bellows, Rajat Bhargava, and Cashman Andrus.
NoFrag is a French reviews website that focuses exclusively on First-person shooters.
Some players try to get their blog on the Top 100 Index on BlogShares, which lists the 100 blogs with the most inbound links.
All members are considered equal and simply donate an amount they feel comfortable with.
"Usernames, email addresses and IPs for 2 million users" were compromised but 'no active passwords' were accessed.
SmashMyiPod can be considered PlanetBoredom's claim to fame.
The site aggregates job listings from thousands of employment agencies, direct employers, ad agencies, staffing firms and associations.
Alleba has since then helped Philippine websites gain more exposure on the Internet.
eHow articles and videos are created by freelancers and cover a wide variety of topics organized into a hierarchy of categories.
The website was created in 2000 by Ferry Halim who resides in Clovis, California.
          
Silver weighted "each poll based on the pollster's historical track record, sample size, and recentness of the poll".
Content includes Australian, East Asian and Asia Pacific regional perspectives, with expert contributors from around the region.
Since 2007 Suomi24 Oy has been independent company owned by Aller Media Oy, part of Danish company Aller Media.
Smart.fm was a social learning- and community website created by Cerego Japan, Inc.
The company is mainly known for its utility software jv16 PowerTools.
              M
In 2013, the site was transitioned from a portal to a simple landing page.
GroupPrice is a B2B deal website that sells discounted software and services for small to medium-sized Internet centric companies.
Documents are either uploaded by the user or fetched from a web address supplied by the user.
Most photographers manage their own Humans of project for a local area, including Montreal, Austin, Texas, Indonesia and Milan.
The Hairpin is a women's website in The Awl network.
The website focuses on editorial content about fashion, beauty and shopping.
German, Italian, French, Spanish, Greek, Russian, Danish, Dutch, Polish and Portuguese translations are also provided.
The company's leading product is an digital end to end business loan platform.
wePapers allows users to share and find documents within various academic fields.
elgooG was a mirrored website of Google Search with horizontally flipped search results, also known as a "Google mirror".
As of 29 June 2016, the HARO "About" page claimed that the service had more than 475,000 sources and 35,000 journalists as participants.
It used a web crawler to search for torrent files from other torrent sites and store them on its database.
The Beachwood Reporter is a web publication based in Chicago, Illinois, United States that focuses on cultural criticism and critiques of Chicago's news outlets.
The member gallery includes all available artwork numbering over 820, not including image alternate forms.
It also offers streaming audio radio stations.
Torrentz was a Finland-based metasearch engine for BitTorrent that was run by an individual known as Flippy.
The award was won by The Spot.
Gannett purchased Fantasy Sports Ventures on January 24, 2012, integrating the site into the digital network of USA Today.
neuGRID aims to become a widespread resource for brain imaging analyses.
Figshare is a portfolio company of Digital Science, operated by Macmillan Publishers.
Users could also review question and answer history and other settings on the Aardvark website.
Kremlin.ru is the official website of the President of Russia.
The WagJag company started operating in late 2009 with its main office located in Toronto, Canada.
While the Sphinx of Taharqo is significantly smaller than the Giza Sphinx, it is notable for its prominent Egyptian and Kushite elements.
The Globalist is a daily online magazine that "focuses on the economics, politics and culture" of globalization.
It is published on a website and was formerly published on CD-ROM.
The term was coined by Tim Berners-Lee for a web of data that can be processed by machines.
Most of the funding came from Sequoia Capital.
Albino Blacksheep is an animation website made in Toronto, Ontario, Canada that publishes member-submitted digital media.
Watching America states its goal is "to reflect as accurately as possible how others perceive the richest and most powerful country in the world."
The company struggled to turn a profit in its early days, and when the dot-com bubble burst in 2000, many felt that it would collapse.
Web search engines and some other sites use Web crawling or spidering software to update their web content or indices of others sites' web content.
Monthly newsmaker luncheons are held by WisPolitics in Madison and Washington, D.C.
ChineseSkill was founded by Wang Zhulong, who noticed a growing trend of people learning Mandarin Chinese while he was stationed in Japan.
The two companies were acquired by Yellow Pages Income Fund that same year.
The development of the project began in 2009.
Geographs are being collected for all parts of Great Britain and Ireland.
There are two Punjabi Wikipedia editions viz.
Notable contributors include Aleks Sierz, Jasper Rees, Matt Wolf, Ismene Brown, Joe Muggs, Tom Birchenough, David Nice, Kieron Tyler and Alexandra Coghlan.
The Tea Party Community is aesthetically similar to Facebook, which Crow described as intentional.
The Fashion Model Directory is an online database of information about fashion models, modelling agencies, fashion labels, fashion magazines, fashion designers, and fashion editorials.
A triangle is a polygon with three edges and three vertices.
Users of Fast Flip were able to follow friends and topics, find new content, and to create their own customized magazines around their searches.
Tonaton.com is a classified advertisements and e-commerce website operating in Ghana.
The company Bitly, Inc. was established in 2008.
For this reason Hao123 is considered as malicious virus by many anti-virus software.
It was established in 1997 as GeneClinics by Roberta A Pagon with funding from the National Institutes of Health.
The channel is ranked as the 4th most subscribed channel, behind PewDiePie, HolaSoyGerman, and JustinBieberVEVO.
As of March 2014, the SourceForge repository claimed to host more than 430,000 projects and had more than 3.7 million registered users.
The user could make a backup to PC, Wordpress, Blogger, or Vietnamese-blog Zing Blog by using http://download.blog.yahoo.com.
The book is based on 36 designs featured at the Zen Garden site.
On December 1, 2014, FilesTube discontinued its file-search service and became a free service for streaming licensed independent movies and documentaries.
It is named after one of Miyazaki's films, Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind.
While core members include Sudden Death, Tom Smith, and Luke Ski, auxiliary members include Kyle Carrozza, Jonathan Coulton, Carla Ulbrich, Lemon Demon and the Brobdingnagian Bards.
Original content from the site is often featured by other media outlets, such as the LA Progressive and Crooks and Liars.
It covers all of the Fallout video games, as well as all Fallout related content.
Donations are received through the user's PayPal account.
The Daily Planet describes itself as a purveyor of "hyperlocal journalism."
The 13 Jupiter-mass distinction by the IAU Working Group is physically unmotivated for planets with rocky cores, and observationally problematic due to the sin i ambiguity.
All vintage items must be at least 20 years old.
In addition to publishing new books and other materials, Hein has become the publisher and the repository for a number of third parties.
The awards are sponsored by Grab Magazine, a free biweekly that describes itself as "Chicago's premier LGBT publication."
Based in Berkeley, California, the site includes reviews, previews, a gaming download area, cheats, and a merchandise store, as well as webcomics, screenshots, and videos.
NewsX is India’s only free to air English news channel.
Custom scenes are easily attached to "green links" in descriptive text that display those scenes in JSmol.
Later, a fixed fee was charged for each new seller account.
In the past, Marilyn Manson was known to launch hidden sites to promote select albums prominently), but promotion campaigns by this method have since been discontinued.
Note that -stan is a suffix for "place of" or "country", appearing in many place names throughout Central and South Asia.
Users can manually add comments to database items or discuss the items themselves in a moderated forum.
Skweezer was available in English, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, Spanish, and Japanese languages and serves customers in over 175 countries worldwide.
Well, we really think it is a big deal [to host uncensored images].
It mainly offers "multiple-tier communication services" in a wide variety of "cultural creation fields".
As of January 2016, Sociabl's claimed their client list included Richard Branson, Will.i.am and Chris Paul, which has since been disputed.
These brands collectively reach more than 170 million consumers each month across all device types.
StarMedia is now owned by France Telecom subsidiary Orange, serving "more than 24 million" Hispanic Internet users per month, according to company statements in 2008.
It was also a default application on Ubuntu Touch.
The Gabrelyanovs operate in different sectors of Russian life from showbusiness to the security services.
It was launched in April 2009 and won the 2010 "Best of the Web" award at the Museums and the Web conference.
Adventure Games Live is a suite of online adventure games on the entertainment website RinkWorks.
Alejandro Szykula is also the scriptwriter, drawer, animator and voice provider of these animated series.
JustCite is an online legal research platform from Justis Publishing Ltd.
The site is mainly based in Boston, New York City, and Toronto.
Images in the free gallery are rotated regularly with fresh images, and are presented in various screen resolutions.
The Web Experimental Psychology Lab was founded in 1995, by Ulf-Dietrich Reips at the University of Tübingen, and is now at the University of Zürich.
The website is backed by Zeus Learning, an e-learning solutions company established in the year 2000.
Comparative Arabic web search websites that are still operational include Yabhath and Yamli.
Although aimed primarily at subscribers, they are open to the public.
S3 uses include web hosting, image hosting, and storage for backup systems.
The site covers television and focuses on English-language shows made or broadcast in Australia, Canada, Ireland, Japan, New Zealand, the United States and the United Kingdom.
The only products actually available to purchase were souvenir merchandise such as mousepads, mugs and t-shirts.
MeQuieroIr.com is a website focusing on emigration services for Spanish-speaking individuals.
The website was created by an individual web developer who also maintains a podcast and blog about web accessibility called Web Axe.
Pownce was centered on sharing messages, files, events, and links with friends.
Smith Magazine is a U.S.-based online magazine devoted to storytelling in all its forms.
The company is located in Salem, Massachusetts.
The same three men also operate an online shop called Unsaleable dot com, Unsaleable is kept separate from the photo sharing activities.
Hosts include Gabe Bock, Billy Luicci, and Olin Buchanan.
It is geared towards people who are not elite athletes and thus stand to gain most out of community encouragement.
Staff in Iraq receive a small salary.
PLUN is believed to compete with Fridae and gaydar in Viet Nam market.
Most of the population centers are located in areas of former prairies, grasslands, forests, and the coastline.
The service is available in several languages and countries around the world.
GobiernoUSA.gov is part of the Office of Citizen Services and Innovative Technologies in the U.S. General Services Administration.
A B3ta book entitled The Bumper B3ta Book of Sick Jokes was published in 2006 containing jokes compiled from a spin-off wiki humour website, Sickipedia.
It is a non-profit ask-a-scientist site with over 700 scientists distributed globally and has been cited in academic publications, web awards, sites/portals like yahoo.com, etc.
Studebaker and many other carmakers offered the device as either optional or standard equipment for many years.
It was acquired by the publisher Mondadori in 2014 from a venture backed by HMV Group, HarperCollins, Penguin and Random House.
In September 2005, the FTC had stated that Qchex's security practices had been haphazard and ineffective.
By 2014 the submission rate had grown to more than 8,000 per month.
The website provides participants with tips for writer's block, information on where local participants are meeting, and an online community of support.
A vast majority of users on Gaption originate from USA, Europe, South East Asia, and Brazil.
Box Office Mojo is a website that tracks box office revenue in a systematic, algorithmic way, founded in 1999.
in February 2007  as purely a social network aggregation utility and widget it was re-launched in May 2007 as a people search engine.
Badges and local score submissions are available only on games whose developers choose to use the Kongregate API.
On April 2, 2013, Rosetta Stone announced that it had acquired Livemocha.
It was founded in 1998 by Los Angeles computer programmer Xing Li, who also runs the site.
The Truth About Guns is a weblog about firearms which launched in February 2010.
It was founded in 1999 by G. Venkata Ramana, a B.
The website has information about movies, upcoming movies, and theater information.
People Media is a targeted online dating service focusing on specific demographic groups.
It is accessible online and as a bespoke IPTV channel on Microsoft's Windows Media Center available on laptops, desktops and home entertainment PCs.
FindArticles had been part of the BNET division of CNET Networks.
Get Satisfaction is a customer community software platform for technical support based in San Francisco, California, United States.
The website officially announced its discontinuation in November 2008.
The site has received attention from trade publications and national and international newspapers, including the New York Times and the Financial Times.
Weblo allows access from the public and each profile page is edited and maintained by fans.
The service is now inactive, with the URL resulting in a 404 response.
According to rulings of the judicial bodies of the Russian Federation, materials published on the site are extremist and incite ethnic hatred.
It has been supported by Museophile Limited and also forms part of the Virtual Library museums pages, supported by the International Council of Museums.
As of 14 February 2014, the Zooniverse community consisted of more than 1 million registered volunteers.
The West Australian quoted Scaffidi as being "embarrassed" about the artwork when she saw it on The Worst of Perth.
As of November 2015, Bing is the second largest search engine in the US, with a query volume of 20.9%, behind Google on 63.9%.
The site also provides some online identification tools.
It is most notable for WordPress.com, as well as its contributions to WordPress.
All content has been merged into MTV News and MTV Artists Platform.
It also displays information such as school missions, staffing, financial information, its resources and its students' characteristics.
Abrams currently serves as the site's publisher and launched the site in July 2009 with former editor Colby Hall.
Various departments and hundreds of subordinate offices located at the state capital are connected to SC horizontally through SCAN.
Today the enterprise offers an aircraft, airline and airport database as well as consulting services.
In 2012 BNET was merged into CBS MoneyWatch.com.
In 2012, 2DOPEBOYZ was nominated in the "Best Hip Hop Online Site" category at the 2012 BET Hip Hop Awards.
Holland Cotter of the New York Times has also praised the site, crediting it with a revival in popular art criticism.
Allkpop is an English-language, US-based Korean pop blog launched on October 30, 2007, and based in Edgewater, New Jersey.
If listed, the same amount was charged annually.
Yemen was the home of the Sabaeans, a trading state that flourished for over a thousand years and also included parts of modern-day Ethiopia and Eritrea.
Silesian Wikipedia is the Silesian edition of Wikipedia.
But growth cooled; seven weeks after launch, the site stood at 2,345 words.
VReel has since begun development of their own replacement for the DivX Webplayer.
Nairaland is an online community created by Seun Osewa in March 2005.
It was launched by Shashi Tharoor, the Indian Minister of Human Resources, on 7 January 2014.
Virtonomics is a massively multiplayer, turn-based, serious game, persistent, browser-based, online business simulation game developed by Gamerflot Trading, published by UAB Marilana and launched in 2006.
Empas was one of the popular total internet search tools and web portal sites in South Korea.
The Culturally Authentic Pictorial Lexicon is a dictionary database of images of various objects in a culturally authentic setting for language learning.
The website was implemented by C-DAC Hyderabad and is run by the Department of Electronics and Information Technology, Ministry of Communications and Information Technology.
Its library of law journal articles differs from competitors’ star-paginated plain text versions.
It contained over 5000 tests that touched all aspects of the JavaScript language.
DefineCar is an ongoing project that is based on Engines than Vehicles.
The company behind it is today based in Paris and New York City.
Pipilika is country's first and only search engine which can search both Bangla and English.
As of June 2014, The GATE reports serving 124,000 unique visitors per month  with a Klout score of 78.
Silk Road was an online black market and the first modern darknet market, best known as a platform for selling illegal drugs.
According to the site itself, BugGuide.net has been responsible for the identification of 11 new, previously undescribed species as of mid-2014.
Users create and maintain theme-based collections around interests such as politics, science, education, and fashion.
The re-launched website includes the core categories of Food and Drink, Home and Garden, Technology, Appliances, Toys and Games, Sports and Leisure and Finance.
Many of the animated shorts on the new site were viewable only on a pay-per-view basis.
Digimap is only available to members of subscribing higher and further education institutions in the UK.
It is owned by Washington, D.C.-based Raw Story Media, Inc.
At some point the site became defunct.
The service was shut down due to a legal challenge concerning fair trading by the BBC.
When searching for an image, a thumbnail of each matching image is displayed.
An archive is an accumulation of historical records or the physical place they are located.
Trapster was recognized by Time Magazine as one of the 10 Best iPhone Apps for Dads in June 2009.
The English Wikipedia is the English-language edition of the free online encyclopedia Wikipedia.
As the successor to the original Xbox, it is the second console in the Xbox series.
Screen also acquired the sitcom Community for an additional season, following its cancellation after the fifth season on NBC.
Membership is open to kids of all ages and their families and caregivers, and is free of charge.
The website has been the subject of attention from journalists and academics studying sexuality.
In addition, Spirit of Metal is comparable to portals such as Vampster and Powermetal.de.
WebVet is a website for pet health and wellness news, information and education.
The service was purchased by Trinity Communications, a non-profit corporation focused on Catholic organization web-development.
In 2004, Richard Corliss of Time gave it an 'Honorable mention' of 'Best Movie Website'.
bartcop.com consisted of humorous political commentary from a liberal perspective.
On December 1, 2008, Pownce announced that it had been acquired by blogging company Six Apart, and that the service would soon shut down.
As of March 2011 it had about 40,000 searchable resources.
It bills itself as the world's largest freely licensed genealogy wiki, with almost 5 million wiki pages.
The Libre Map Project is an online collection of all digital USGS 1:24K scale topographic maps covering the United States, available as a free download.
Mike Doogan is a Democratic member of the Alaska House of Representatives, representing the 25th District since 2006.
A low rating of 0 would debunk the rumor entirely and a high rating of 10 would mean that the rumor is true.
MagicVortex is an Internet-based file transfer service.
The website is published in five languages: English, Arabic, Ukrainian, Russian, and Turkish.
According to Inc. Magazine in 2009, MacUpdate was the 114th fastest growing privately owned company in the USA.
Headquartered in Hollywood, CA, Celebuzz is known for featuring exclusive blogs written by A-list celebrities, particularly members of the Kardashian family.
The site claims to reach more than 9 million unique visitors per month.
While LoadingReadyRun has produced content independently, they have also produced content in conjunction with other people and sites under the name Bionic Trousers Media.
It also features certificate courses in areas of retail, finance, telecom, digital marketing, programming languages, project management, and IT.
Babajob.com lists jobs for the informal service sector in India, this sector consists of semi-skilled workers including: maids, drivers, masons.
Recordings of international folk music provided by Smithsonian Folkways Recordings accompanied the live global webcast.
It remains a popular site for up-to-date chess news.
In October 2011, PhET Interactive Simulations was chosen as the 2011 Microsoft Education Tech Award laureate.
With a strong international following, the site receives an average of 18,500 hits per day and the associated SocialEngine social network has over 8,000 registered members.
The first competition took place between 12 November and 31 December 2006 to coincide with Geography Awareness Week, the third week in November.
Bitly shortens 600 million links per month, for use in social networking, SMS, and email.
Readers share news stories and rate stories or adds comments.
Sellers can store "templates" of up to five items within their accounts for future editing and listing.
Some images have additional forms and are in a section known as the "Picklejar".
Google Alerts is a content change detection and notification service, offered by the search engine company Google.
The strengths of the service are thought to be security and reliability, while transmission speed lags other alternatives.
The performances are not archived or duplicated for distribution.
He has sometimes posted commentary and analysis of the phenomenon, with input from readers.
It has a music film database consisting of more than 700 music docs and streams select music documentaries.
Burberry, meanwhile, tapped Schuman to shoot the groundbreaking social media-cum-advertising “Art of the Trench” project.
It was initiated at Wheaton college in 1993 and is currently supported by Calvin College.
The site also allows users to search by artist name, browse by genre, and makes music recommendations based on users' search terms.
Gigster is a website which allows users to get tech projects built on demand.
DeviantArt, Inc. is headquartered in the Hollywood area of Los Angeles, California, United States.
The blog is created and edited by Andrew D. Chapman, a philosophy lecturer at this university.
On the website, Ali Sina has issued a standing challenge that he will remove the FFI website if proven wrong on a number of issues.
It is a Tamil nationalist and is described as a pro rebel LTTE website.
RW was acquired by SAY Media in 2011.
The site is best known for its Game and Graphics Engines Database.
The delay in the vote was seen by an analyst that the company was "not confident about getting approval from majority shareholders for the deal...
They were a part of Y-Combinator's Summer 2015 class.
It has been described by the librarian of the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation as "one of the most useful reference tools concerning architecture available on the internet."
According to Dr Greg Simons from Swedish National Defence College, "not all of the content on Kavkazcenter can be classified as being extremist and dangerous.
Someecards.com is a free online e-cards service created by Brook Lundy and Duncan Mitchell.
The site currently has over 255,000 users and more than 13 million page views per month.
Nepal Bhasa Wikipedia has currently 70,000 articles.
Its “Timway Hong Kong Search Engine” is designed for searching web sites in Hong Kong.
The first offering of the LC Linked Data Service was the Library of Congress Subject Headings dataset, which was released in April 2009.
TheGuardian.com is notable for its engagement with readers, including long-running talkboards and, more recently, a network of weblogs.
The MDA maintained the United Kingdom section of museums, later the Collections Trust.
GAMEO was started in 1996 as the Canadian Mennonite Encyclopedia Online by the Mennonite Historical Society of Canada.
Currently, the existing 3D printing marketplaces are handful and their business model is still not profitable.
Editing staff included Scot Hacker, Oliver Thylmann, Eugenia Loli-Queru, and more.
Musicians, songwriters, and fans can join the site for free.
The tenure of an average Ozon customer is 4 years vs. only 3 for an average Russian e-commerce company.
Alluc.ee is a user-generated link-sharing-website that catalogues links to TV shows, movies, music videos, sport, anime and cartoons.
Wade is currently the company’s CEO and has launched several niche dating sites, including SeekingMillionaire, MissTravel, WhatsYourPrice?, Carrot Dating - a mobile app and OpenMinded.
It is a business-based alternative to other networking websites, which lets users establish an online identity tailored to the customer's needs.
Users can monitor ozone levels in a neighbouring country or a holiday destination, check recent trends and track the spread of ozone across Europe.
Showself was launched by Shanghai Beijing Showself Technology Co., Ltd in March 2010 and NQ Mobile took a controlling stake in 2014.
It is the administrative center of Utena district and Utena County.
Livefyre is a San Francisco-based technology company with offices in New York, London, and Sydney.
OutHistory comprises elements of an almanac, archive, article, bibliography, book, encyclopedia, library, and museum.
The site's coverage spanned cinema, TV, radio, music, concerts, theatre, comedy, online, books and videos.
As an alumnus of Y Combinator and mentor with 500 Startups & PIE PDX, Monsef is an active participant in the internet startup community.
during the early part of September 2007, to compete with other social networking sites by offering "mashups" of existing web services on a single-user interface.
Science Illustrated is a multilingual popular science magazine published by Bonnier Publications International A/S.
In 2010, Paula Younger noted it as a laudable attempt to make medical information freely accessible and authoritative.
The videos are encoded with Flash Video and the navigation is made in Adobe Flash.
In 2011 the website had approximately 34.5 million views and averaged 6,000 views a day.
Lovecraft, Big Brother, NSFW, Otherworlds and Really Creepy.
The volunteers are often collectively referred to as "Zooites".
The entire curriculum has been broken into component subjects, chapters and topics.
Shadow DOM - Encapsulated DOM and styling, with composition
It had a Spanish version called Computadora.de.
Since then, LoadingReadyRun has continued other video series, including CommodoreHUSTLE, Checkpoint, Friday Nights, Feed Dump, and more.
The site was redesigned and relaunched in 2005.
The Irish Echo, based in New York City
The seller can see the average sale price and most recent sale price for any particular item to determine the selling price desired.
There are three major categories of add-ons: "Extensions", "Themes", and "Plugins".
Galaxiki's name is a portmanteau of the words galaxy and wiki.
This file is visible to the entire team and can be updated by the administrators of the account.
Part of the magazine's philosophy was to nurture new authors, slots were reserved in each issue for new writers.
The community president is then eligible to manage and operate the community.
The basic mailing list functionality is available to any e-mail address, but a Yahoo!
It is owned and operated by a subsidiary of Wikimedia UK.
It was created by Max Barry and was publicly released on 13 November 2002, based loosely on his novel Jennifer Government.
It used the MediaWiki software platform for management of its content.
The main contents cover daily politics, news, sports, technology, lifestyle, and motoring.
They aimed to enrich the Arabic content on the Internet with high quality articles, and offer analysis services for keywords in Arabic.
Investors in Toptable include football manager Sir Alex Ferguson, celebrity chef Gary Rhodes and Diageo.
It was launched in May 2010 by the private company GroupMe.
Other products found on the marketplace include software and prepaid activation codes.
The site was originally launched as TeacherRatings.com and converted to RateMyProfessors in 2001.
Up to six peripherals may be supported by one connector through various topologies.
As the number of pages on the internet is extremely large, even the largest crawlers fall short of making a complete index.
Before being averaged, the scores are weighted according to the critic's fame, stature, and volume of reviews.
During 2015, the site refocussed its value proposition to "[evolve] into a curration and collation platform".
Xiu.com sells middle to luxury brand name fashion products including shoes, bags, ornaments, cosmetics and home decor.
Baseball Prospectus is an organization that publishes a website, BaseballProspectus.com, devoted to the sabermetric analysis of baseball.
money.co.uk is a UK-based price comparison website launched in 2008.
It was founded in October 2011 as new web portal for Federalna Televizija and Federalni Radio.
The authors, editors, and even copy editors are attributed on the articles with links to biographical pages on those individuals.
Its headquarters are in London, United Kingdom.
It is a Polish-language site, and the largest Polish film database.
BP has a staff of regular columnists and provides advanced statistics as well as player and team performance projections on the site.
There are a lot of ugly opinions out there, but democracy ain't worth much without the right to express those opinions.
It won the 2013 Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting for its coverage of the Kalamazoo River oil spill.
In 2016, Kongregate received Apple Editors' Choice for BattleHand and The Trail, and received Google Play Editors' Choice for Animation Throwdown and AdVenture Capitalist.
NextGen Player was founded in April 2008 by Paul Hunter and Andrew Shin.
This edition was started in October 26, 2002 and has about 178,000 articles in February 2013 and is the 30th largest Wikipedia.
Contactmusic.com is an online magazine of cultural criticism based in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
Users can change privacy settings for individual files and folders, including enabling sharing with other users or making content public.
The matching text is highlighted on the found web page.
It was owned by AOL but constructed and maintained by a community of volunteer editors.
It was founded in 1987 by John MacBain and currently operates over 575 print titles and 56 websites in 20 countries.
SpaceCollective is a community driven website where information and ideas are being exchanged about the current state of our species, our planet and the universe.
The Google Dictionary website was terminated on August 5, 2011 after part of its functionality was integrated into Google Search using the define: operator.
At Epinions, visitors could read new and old reviews about a variety of items to help them decide on a purchase.
The Rosses purchased 114 pieces of furniture, which they donated to the new Government House.
It will usually include information about sights, accommodation, restaurants, transportation, and activities.
In the later 19th century cotton and lumber grew to be major industries as the cattle industry became less lucrative.
In December 2014, the Directors of the company sought the appointment of a provisional liquidator and said the company was for sale.
The application allows users to view a collaboration of images from NASA satellites, the Sloan Digital Sky Survey, and the Hubble Telescope.
Open Diary officially shut down on 7 February 2014 at 12:04 a.m. EST.
The site posts newly translated articles up on a daily basis, along with a link to the original article.
In addition to posting partner content from a wide range of other web sites, it posts original stories by its team of staff journalists.
Individual accounts are also available but limited to 10 page saves per month.
On March 20, 2012, the company was acquired by LexisNexis with Meland and Hoglund serving as co-CEOs.
The site's staff also produces regular podcasts and is active in social networking, with accounts on Facebook and Twitter.
As of September 5, 2014, BookRags operates as a subsidiary of Gradesaver, LLC.
Transfer limit can be increased by paying for additional bandwidth.
Health-EU Portal is an official web portal of the Health and Consumers Directorate-General that facilities the access of public-related health information to European Union citizens.
Being one of the first classified websites in the country to offer content in native Urdu, it received positive recognition from the Pakistani media.
There are APIs offered for almost all of Google's popular consumer products, like Google Maps, YouTube, Google Apps, and others.
eMonocot is a collaborative global, online, biodiversity information resource provided by a number of botanical organisations to create a database on Monocotyledons.
It contains copies of Acts of the Oireachtas and statutory instruments.
Access to the Newzbin.com website was blocked by BT and Sky in late 2011, following legal action in the UK by Hollywood film studios.
HorrorScope and its editors have won two Ditmar Awards and attracted several award nominations.
As of March 2017, Google Drive has 800 million active users, and as of September 2015, it has over one million organizational paying users.
Jessica Roy wrote for The New York Observer that Fucking Machines' examples of orgasms were a form of transhumanism.
The idea is similar to URL shortening in which each uploaded image is given a relatively short internet address.
KartMe was started by Phil Michaelson with a Rock and Lebor Fellowship from Harvard Business School.
The broadcaster can broadcast to its audience with a webcam.
These would be supplemented by representative texts and special infrastructure ...
The Open Tree of Life is an on-line phylogenetic tree of life – a collaborative effort, funded by the NSF AVAToL #1208809.
In August 2012, Kaskus had more than 4,000,000 registered accounts and more than 650,000,000 posts.
Users connect to the application using a web browser on their mobile phone.
Global Forest Watch is an open-source web application to monitor global forests in near real-time.
The database presents authors from NRW with detailed portraits as well as literary institutions and publishers.
The Encyclopedia Astronautica is a reference web site on space travel.
They are able to purchase and trade online ownership of states, countries and individual street addresses within the replica of the world.
Versus plans to add an additional 640 categories, to include real estate, motorcycles, food, credit cards, banks, plastic surgeons and even people.
Ballast contributors include writers for The Globe and Mail, The Awl, The Walrus, The CBC, Maclean's, The New York Times, and others.
In the spring of 2009 the magazine moved entirely on-line.
The Directory of Open Access Journals is a website that lists open access journals and is maintained by Infrastructure Services for Open Access.
CapLinked is an online business transaction and project management application developed in the United States.
OpEdNews is a United States-based progressive/liberal news, antiwar activism, and opinion website founded by Rob Kall in 2003.
With the fast growing number of visitors on Bilibili, Bilibili decided to expand their functions.
It is owned by CNT Interaktif A.S., a Turkish company.
In January 2007, Other Music announced that it plans to begin selling high-quality MP3 files for download without using any type of digital rights management.
The organization publishes electronic and retro-digitized texts which are then made available to the general public on its website.
Its editorial slant is viewed as "center-left."
Different schools may upload varying amounts of data and information, depending on teacher preference and school requirements.
He was also named the 2007 BusinessWeek Young European Entrepreneur of the Year.
Pratt launched a British sister site, xojane.co.uk, in June 2012, with Rebecca Holman as editor.
Unlike sites such as eBay, however, iOffer provides little in the way of buyer or seller protection from fraudulent and other problem transactions.
The Jewish Virtual Library is an online encyclopedia published by the American–Israeli Cooperative Enterprise.
Its slogan is "He's Here" claiming the site's mission is to help singles to find their dream boy.
The Simple English Wikipedia is a variation in which most of the articles use only basic English vocabulary.
Since 2007, Operation Open Market, an operation run by the HSI and the USSS has targeted the site, believed to be operating out of Las Vegas.
The ebooks have been prepared and submitted by volunteers.
This was rejected because of lack of mass by the District Court Charlottenburg on January 12, 2016.
Sapotek had liberated all the web applications found on Desktoptwo through Sapodesk on an AGPL license.
ContentNext operated the PaidContent.org, PaidContent.org:UK, MocoNews.net, which covered the business of mobile content, and ContentSutra.com, which covered India's digital media markets.
The service allows college applicants to read real successful applications and resumes of accepted students.
Some have criticized the film industry's glorification of violence and its potentially negative treatment of women.
Tom's Hardware is an online publication owned by Purch Group and focused on technology.
Instructables is dedicated to step-by-step collaboration among members to build a variety of projects.
Prodavinci is a Venezuelan news site that provides analysis from historians, scholars and scientists.
In 2014, Indiegogo launched Indiegogo Life, a service that people can use to raise money for emergencies, medical expenses, celebrations, or other life events.
Some reviews were positive, but others complained about bugs that were subsequently fixed.
It was purchased in January 2015 by Complex.
It is mostly free, but for a fee, users get access to larger images and more search options.
The EU Centres of Excellence on Chemical, Biological, Radiological and Nuclear Risk Mitigation is an initiative of the European Union which was launched in 2010.
Vinopedia.hr is a Croatian online wine encyclopedia.
Ask A Biologist is a science outreach program originating from Arizona State University's School of Life Sciences.
Ask Jeeves acquired Teoma on September 11, 2001; it has powered ask.com and other international Ask Jeeves sites and Ask Jeeves Spain since then.
The website was founded by Emme Stone and Michael Goldberg, who currently serves as the Editor in Chief.
AutoTempest is an aggregator of online classified advertisements specifically for cars, that searches craigslist, eBay Motors, AutoTrader.com, Cars.com, Auto Trader, and others.
Know Your Meme includes sections for confirmed, submitted, deadpooled, researching, and popular memes.
Scholars have also written a number of educational case studies on how to use the archive.
The website began a campaign to include more female Logie Award Hall of Fame inductees.
The company used investments from Javelin Venture Partners in December 2013 to improve their team and community support, as well as launch new services.
Content is primarily based on news throughout North Dakota.
As of September 2016, the database now contains 9,216 journals.
Lee, MIT graduate student Eric Price, and Tddium employee Greg Price.
The site aggregrated ratings from a large number of critics and provided a statistical breakdown of reviews, offering visual representation of results in charts and graphs.
Novopress is politically geared towards nationalist, anti-Islamist and far right themes.
The site was launched in 2009 with 4,000 participants; the website reports 89,421 people worldwide participated in Secret Santa 2013.
On January 28, 1999, GeoCities was acquired by Yahoo!
It received national attention in the United States in 2000 after being featured as the subject of a documentary, Hate.com.
Qunb was founded in Paris, France and is incorporated in Boston, USA.
It is divided into 72 municipalities; the capital city is Hermosillo.
JT Insight formerly known as Jersey Insight is a portal of Jersey's Internet, managed by JT Group Limited.
One of Bannon's coworkers said he was not referring to Richard Spencer but instead to "the trolls on Reddit or 4Chan."
Uploading of content was unlimited, and users had access to a media player that was embeddable on other web pages.
47 projects had been completed on the platform, only five of which received no funding whatsoever.
It has a staff of about 20, including publisher James Israel, and Editor-in-Chief Dana Harris.
is a Canadian website which covers entertainment news.
Radiobeta has an app for webmaster which they can custom and monetize it.
Tuniscope is a community web portal based in Tunis, focusing on the news and culture of Tunisia.
Some 77 million users' data were breached: this included the username, hashed password and email address.
It has since been a part of the Norwegian Schibsted group.
The site enables registered users to submit new material and edits to existing entries.
The website was founded in 2001 by Selena Mooney and Sean Suhl.
CSS Zen Garden has inspired similar sites in other languages.
Currently, Meez has 3 million and 2 unique users, who average around 60 hours per month on the site.
The VirtualDubMod project began after many modifications to VirtualDub were posted on the Doom9 forums.
Settled in 1867 as an agricultural community near the confluence of the Salt and Gila Rivers, Phoenix incorporated as a city in 1881.
StockPickr is an online social network for sharing financial analysis, research, news and commentary.
Ironically, it lost a suit initiated by Singapore Land Authority for copyright infringement in early 2008 resulting in its maps taken offline for months.
eGroups.com was an email list management web site.
Wherever possible, Arachne follows a paradigm of highly structurized object-metadata which is mapped onto the CIDOC-CRM, to address machine-readable metadata strategies of the Semantic Web.
The European Space Weather Portal results from the COST action 724.
Coverage is based on historical, architectural, or engineering significance.
In June 2015, HollywoodLife.com and PIX11, Tribune Broadcasting's New York flagship station, announced a content and cross-promotional partnership across all platforms.
Pear Deck is an educational technology company offering a web-based application to K-12 schools and teachers.
After the war, Ross joined a shipbuilding company in Saint John, New Brunswick.
GiveForward.com has become popular among the growing number of people who fundraise to help pay for a loved one's medical bills.
Punknews.org is a New York City-based website founded by Aubin Paul in 1999.
The names come from the .deb package format used by Ubuntu.
In the same year, it received the Inno-Spatz Award from the German city of Göttingen for "outstanding achievements in the world of games".
It launched its website for the UK in 2000.
The name of the website is derived from huutokauppa.
It was founded by Mike Magee, James Crowley, and Allan Rutherford in January 2010.
Total Beauty Media is a Los Angeles based internet firm that produces the web site totalbeauty.com.
The China Youth Returnee Association Chinese: 中国青年海归协会; pinyin: Zhōngguó Qīngnián Hǎiguī Xiéhuì is a commercial, advertising-supported social networking service for Chinese students returning from studying abroad.
The service uses technology from Fast Search & Transfer  and Adobe Flex.
While it is best known for debunking false stories, it also hosts a page listing strange but true urban legends.
Skeptical Science is a climate science blog and information resource created in 2007 by Australian cognitive scientist John Cook.
Started on July 8, 2003, this version reached the 300,000 article milestone in May 2015.
Original crew in 2009 operated anew a similar site at ebaumnation.com until 2015, when it redirected to Bauman's new site in the same format, smash.com
The Big Cartoon DataBase is an online database of information about animated cartoons, animated feature films, animated television shows, and cartoon shorts.
The lead website developer was Swithun Crowe.
Al-Monitor provides reporting and analysis from and about the Middle East through both original and translated content.
The name refers to the writer Prosper Mérimée who was also the second inspector-general of historic monuments.
It is the most frequently visited chess website according to Alexa Internet rankings.
As of March 2014, the most popular editions of Wikipedia within Belarus are the Russian Wikipedia followed by the English Wikipedia.
The authors often synthesize academic literature as it might relate to contemporary health policy issues.
Upcoming was a social event calendar website that launched in 2003, founded by Andy Baio.
The service bundles news from thousands of sources across the web.
The author designed the site for teachers, students and parents, and anyone else curious about geometry, mathematics, popular science, geography, Incan history and visual perception.
The original Swedish edition began in 2004 as a weekly email newsletter.
As of 2013 Steve works as a writer and executive producer on the television show The Big Bang Theory.
Uriminzokkiri is a state-controlled website that provides news from North Korea's Central News Agency.
What Do You Love was a metasearch engine from Google.
Its content remained archived until sometime in 2011.
Arca-Net is designed for a broad public and in form of a virtual guide, at any time available via Internet.
It aims to build one "infinitely expandable" page for each species, including video, sound, images, graphics, as well as text.
In February of 2016, PCH revamped the site, removing most of the games and emphasizing the lottery aspects over the games.
Where erosion has exposed the frontslope of this, a steep slope or escarpment occurs.
The most-visited blog entries have been about The West Australian newspaper and Fairfax Media's WAtoday site.
It is free to set up a project there, but all development must be done using a license approved by the OSI.
The logo, too, is a visual pun showing the incomplete second Death Star as opposed to Wikipedia's incomplete "jigsaw logo".
Eliademy is a part of Digile, Finland's initiative launched in order to create new disruptive digital service in the area of education.
Amin later converted the site from a blogging platform, to a business directory and classified advertisements website.
Learning may occur consciously or without conscious awareness.
The site first rose to prominence following its coverage of the impact of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita on oil and gas production.
2009: Volume 2  examines the limits Between Nature and Culture: After the Continental-Analytic Divide.
Originally launched in June 2009 as a division of NBC News, it became a division of MSNBC in 2013.
Launched in Boston and then later based in New York City, BuyWithMe allowed consumers to leverage group buying power to get discounts with local merchants online.
Knox also served as television critic for Radio National's breakfast program from 2009 - 2015.
Ricci maintains a related site, Jazz Near You.
The site was created as 'an alternative to piracy'.
HotPads is a map-based rentals and real estate marketplace.
The most common use of listen2myradio is for creating or listening to Internet radio stations; however, video streams exist as well.
Blogger cannot be installed on a web server.
Before its merger with Nate in 2009, Empas was one of South Korea's most popular web search engines, and competed with Yahoo!
Blurtit covers a diverse range of subjects including social and spiritual matters.
It was originally a guide to the skate boarding scene in the UK and was founded in 1994.
CricBuzz is also the largest mobile app for cricket news and scores in India.
The site won the 2005 Webby award as the best sports website and claims more than 600,000 users as of 2009.
Founded by three college friends in February 2007, the site was launched in August 2007.
As of August 2012 it had a team of five and was self-funded.
One subscription can be used to increase quotas for one project used by multiple accounts.
The website relaunched in 2011 focusing on Social Media and Technology humor.
The Sanctuary comprised structures sprawled out over twenty miles and divided into three primary structures: the Lower, Middle and Upper Sanctuaries.
Junkee is an Australian popular culture and news website run by new media company, Junkee Media.
About 10000 articles have been published since the launch in 2005 as of 2011.
Since the beginning of 2011 the web site was rewritten using Ruby on Rails.
It runs a partner program through which popular broadcasters can earn money.
The official language of Zurich is German, but the main spoken language is the local variant of the Alemannic Swiss German dialect.
Schneider later left the site to become a founding father of IGN Entertainment where he currently serves Vice-President of Content Publishing.
Urturn was more popular among teens and young adults and among females.
The Daily Howler is an American political blog written by Bob Somerby.
The director and the cast compared the film to Rebel Without a Cause and The Graduate.
Twine combined features of forums, wikis, online databases and newsgroups and employed intelligent software to automatically mine and store data relationships expressed using RDF statements.
Part of the Sage project, it supports editing of Sage worksheets, LaTeX documents, and IPython notebooks.
Miniforum.org is a Hong Kong web site hosting various discussion boards.
Since 2007, it has been supported by the contributing institutions.
Autostraddle was founded by CEO, CFO and Editor-in-Chief Marie "Riese" Bernard and Design Director Alexandra Vega in March 2009.
It was acquired by Fox Interactive Media in 2007.
Newsy won a National Edward R. Murrow Award for its news documentary, "The War and Money Project," in 2015.
LWN caters to a more technical audience than other Linux/free software publications.
Other astronomical surveys and telescopes that have contributed data sets to the archive include SuperWASP, HATNet Project, XO, Trans-Atlantic Exoplanet Survey and KELT.
The website is known for its extensive collection of Grateful Dead recordings, but contains music from many other bands.
Users can rate responses based on how well they resolve the issue.
It allows users to store files as well as other personal data like Windows settings or BitLocker recovery keys in the cloud.
The concept and initial success of De Correspondent has inspired other projects elsewhere, notably the German website Krautreporter which has adopted the same concept.
BlogShares was an online stock market for blogs, in which participants speculate on the future of individual blogs.
In addition to being a popular website for sharing interior design photographs, the service is widely used by designers as a photo repository.
The service was renamed circa 2016, as "it isn't a wiki or just for scraping any more".
Hexus is a UK-based technology reporting and reviews website founded by David Ross in 2000 and owned by The Media Team.
Projexity is a Canadian company that offers online audience engagement tools to groups, organizations and municipalities.
Three hundred and twenty-nine thousand people visited the site in June 2009.
IRC-Galleria is officially open to anyone who is over 12 years old and speaks Finnish.
She believes that young people feel “a sense of disillusionment, disengagement and distrust” towards banks.
The Student Doctor Network has over 100 volunteers, and over 50,000 active members.
In the previous decade the term was revived and reengineered by marketers to emphasize an intangible quality of products and brands.
It used Google ads on its search returns to generate profit.
A thought leader is an individual or firm that is recognized as an authority in a specialized field and whose expertise is sought and often rewarded.
School of Everything is an internet startup company founded in 2006 and based in London, UK.
In 2014, Milanuncios SL was acquired by Schibsted.
In 2012, at 10th Altın Örümcek Web Awards’ Favourites of the Population section, Tamindir was elected as the first in the Information Technologies Hardware/Software category.
This required a real-time digital platform with a toolset that would instinctively serve the demands of the filmmaking process.
Initially established as a community dedicated to humor, it became a left-leaning political website due to its unique nature.
The Angiosperm Phylogeny Website is a well-known web site dedicated to research on angiosperm phylogeny and taxonomy.
It owns Harvard Business Publishing, which publishes business books, leadership articles, online management tools for corporate learning, case studies, and the monthly Harvard Business Review.
It is flavoured with lemon and some dry sherry, as well as salt and pepper.
The East Asia Forum is operated by the East Asian Bureau of Economic Research.
fizy is an online music search engine based in Turkey and available in Turkey and Ukraine.
The Doctor Who News Page, which was formerly affiliated with Outpost Gallifrey before its closure, provides news about Doctor Who and its spin-off series.
The magazine covers reviews of science fiction and fantasy short fiction as well as providing classic interviews, articles, and editorials.
The "Cy" in Cyworld can mean "cyber", but is also a pun on the Korean word for relationship.
Naijalingo.com is an online Nigerian pidgin English and slang dictionary.
In June 2013, the software experienced a surge of new adoptions after news reports of email surveillance by the US National Security Agency.
Zaask is a beyond search platform to hire local service professionals.
The name comes from Turkish sesli sözlük, "dictionary with sound", because the site enables users to listen to the pronunciation of the words.
Its products are designed to supplement traditional and non-traditional education from kindergarten through the 12th grade.
GahooYoogle.com had a legal problem, so after the shut down, the site was moved to Yahoo!
As of September 2013, the service had more than 1,000 hours of content.
It was founded by Darlene Cavalier and is a research affiliate of Arizona State University's School for the Future of Innovation in Society.
The school is nationalised and under control of the central government.
TorrentFreak is a blog dedicated to reporting the latest news and trends on the BitTorrent protocol and file sharing.
La Ligue de l'enseignement was initially conceived and created by the journalist Jean Macé, on 15 November 1866.
To date, Gaption has successfully raised its first round of funding from Cradle Fund.
In October 2015, the combined text of the English Wikipedia's articles totalled 11.5 gigabytes when compressed.
On 9 June 2017, Microsoft announced it was shutting down Docs.com in favor of the acquired SlideShare with its LinkedIn purchase.
All names are linked to pages giving the correct name, with lists of synonyms.
The site combined original reporting with that of independent blogs and contributions from WJLA's reporters and staff.
According to website founder Matt Ramme, the name of the site is inspired by the words sports and oracle.
IPredator's blog states that "PayPal reinstated our account" as of August 26, 2013.
It works like a wiki for prices in all the towns and cities, regions and countries of the world.
The website publishes basic company and director information but complete reports are priced.
proper was therefore a 25.5% owner of Yahoo!Xtra.
PC Mania Magazine celebrated its 10th anniversary in 2008 and shortly after a major overhaul was carried out.
The objective of the website is to include every single production and known cars excluding concept vehicles and non-civilian trucks.
Information contributed and rated by volunteers was compiled into the Bitpedia data set and reference work, described by Bitzi as a "digital media encyclopedia".
It hosts discussion forums where users share advice and information on parenting and many other topics.
The engine doesn't index content such as pornography, nudity, or anything else that might be "haram".
Texas has led the nation in export revenue since 2002 and has the second-highest gross state product.
On August 6, 2013 they relaunched the Vdio service in Canada check at Blog Rdio Canada.
Datebritishguys.com is a niche online dating service where American applicants seek to date British men.
By March 2007, about 20 regular Wikipedians were writing articles, with up to seven thousand articles having been created.
Through most of the 2004 campaign Tanenbaum kept his identity a secret, only acknowledging that he personally preferred John Kerry.
Listings are displayed at their addresses, allowing users to conduct a location-based search.
Craft NI produces information and publicity about the craft sector.
GetYourGuide acts as an online platform for third-party companies to list their products for users to easily find.
TWIC still exists as a weekly newsletter, although for important events the TWIC website is updated daily.
DPReview is one of the top 2,000 most visited websites on the Internet, according to Alexa Internet.
Maes-e is a popular Welsh-language internet forum created on 18 August 2002 by Nic Dafis.
The Pleasure is an automatic scooter manufactured in India by Hero Honda since 2006.
According to Alexa.com, the website is one of the 500 most visited websites worldwide.
It also owns citation services EasyBib, Citation Machine, BibMe, and Cite This For Me.
To document the current state of game development for future generations.
The first draft, including 2.3 million species, was released in September 2015.
At one point it owned 54% of the online Indian DVD market as per a court document.
With services ranging from streaming web radio commentary and analysis, visitors' own analysis section, match previews and reviews.
Late 2010 saw a complete renovation of the website's layout.
The website has two full-time political editors in The Hague.
Steve Dublanica appeared on The Oprah Winfrey Show on October 15, 2008.
It is rumored that Sports Climax, LLC has secured the domain name, JocksBehindBars.com and is currently creating a sister site under that name.
It's also been called a WebOS although Sapotek stated on its website that the term is premature and presumptuous.
This combines an ongoing process of digitizing traditional documentation with the production of new digital object and graphic data.
This training extended to men of all ages and classes, and eventually to women.
It contributes to the Atmospheric Circulation Reconstructions over the Earth initiative.
On December 8, 2009, imeem was bought out by MySpace Music in a firesale for an undisclosed amount.
Zoomerang was designed to offer survey software as a service for businesses conducting consumer, competitor, and customer satisfaction surveys.
Most people still like to read a text printed on wooden paper, more than transmitted via waves of light.
Current members had from late March to late June 2017 to redeem any points accumulated over the years.
The original Icebox.com shut down in February 2001 after the company failed to secure additional operating capital.
Searches can be refined by bedrooms, monthly rent, amenities, availability of floorplans, and specific keywords.
Pixiv is a Japanese online community for artists.
The website was available in several languages.
Tutanota is developed and provided by a German company, Tutao GmbH, since 2011.
The game is developed by Jouko and Mikko Pynnönen.
The website is owned by Oath Inc.
The company is operated by Hotels.com LP, a limited partnership located in Dallas, Texas, in the United States.
In 2000, Rolling Stone magazine writer Mark Binelli called it the "best overall hip-hop site".
Many Apple Stores are located inside shopping malls, but Apple has built several stand-alone "flagship" stores in high-profile locations.
The eCRUSH network comprises two major sites: eCRUSH.com and eSPIN.com.
The project is based within Ulster University at its Magee campus.
The Uzbek Wikipedia is currently blocked in Uzbekistan.
Almost all of the content published on the site is open for user supplied comments.
We believe in freedom of speech, it's of utter importance to us.
Somerby showed that Samuelson had hid the spectacular multiple grade-level increases in the achievement levels of African American students.
It is also used by content publishers to detect cases of content fraud, in which old content is repackaged and sold as new original content.
The factory is currently capable of producing 30,000 square metres of tiles per day.
Macecraft said that the campaign did not reach its funding goal, so the software was not made free and open source, although contributors were given updates.
Game Classroom is an educational gaming website for kindergarten to 6th grade students.
Kludge had frequently partnered with Virgin Megastores for presenting new works and promoting new artists.
Formally titled Bridges and Tunnels of Allegheny County and Pittsburgh, PA, pghbridges.com has information on many of the structures of the area.
Redfern created the site to find out what peers thought and spread the word about feminism as an empowering subject.
On the 27th of June 2017, t411 was shut down in a joint operation by French and Swedish police.
In 2007, Craft NI hosted its first exhibition of contemporary craft from Northern Ireland.
The website focuses on trending topics in sports, with an emphasis on delivering opinion-oriented analysis and multimedia programming via varied content formats and mobile technologies.
It was developed by KIT-Library in 1996 and continuously expanded and adapted since.
Users had until August 10, 2014 to retrieve their data.
In 2001, it became part of Expedia Inc. and in 2002, changed its name to Hotels.com.
A controversial author suggests that it was on LKML that Tux, the official Linux mascot, was suggested and refined.
New York City based RapHappy made its debut in September 2007, after winning the MTVu and Cisco sponsored contest 'Digital Incubator'.
It caters to foreigners with business and diplomatic interests in Lithuania, as well as the Lithuanian diaspora.
The campaign emphasized the need to drive carefully to avoid rolling the vehicles over because SUVs handle like trucks, not cars.
With a reported 750+ thousand monthly pageviews,Medgadget ranks as one of the world's most trafficked and linked to medical blogs in the world.
FanHouse was managed by executive producer Randy Kim.
However, there has been no activity is adding additional additional acronyms since March 2016.
All links, whether approved or not, have associated threads where users can comment on the link.
In the returns from the search page a currently correct name is indicated in green, while others are in blue.
The site is split into nine main categories: Anime/Manga, Books, Cartoons, Miscellaneous, Games, Comics, Movies, Plays/Musicals and TV Shows.
Currently ReDigi's Cloud and Marketplace only accept iTunes purchased music.
On average, there are between 3 and 4 news stories posted each day.
Google Sky is a feature for Google Earth and an online sky/outer space viewer.
It was also intended to raise awareness of the importance of world geography in the modern world.
It includes sections on wargames, tabletop games and video games, as well as columns on gaming topics.
In 2014, Etsy clocked a total sales of US$1.93 billion on the platform.
Its popularity started when it merged with the then most popular e-mail service, daum.net or hanmail.net.
News under embargo from peer-reviewed journals is provided to media users.
Neglected Books had featured the book in December 2006, including an endorsement from author Jane Smiley.
Anderson's article for "Wired" on this paradigm related to research on power law distribution models carried out by Clay Shirky, specifically in relation to bloggers.
VirtualDJ Radio supports most major media players such as iTunes, Winamp, RealPlayer and more.
This same function can be imported into other browsers as a bookmarklet.
Unlike other social networking sites, Buzz allowed the publisher to modify the submission.
Tinychat claims 5 million minutes of usage per day, making it one of the largest voice and video chat communities on the internet today.
The site offers reports, news, features, and analysis on Lebanon, the Lebanese diaspora and the Middle East.
On 1 January 2006, the final 1,000 pixels were put up for auction on eBay.
It's a fairly rare perspective, in that it is clearly pro-Bolivarian Revolution, but also critical of some aspects from a leftist perspective."
The service is free for Basic members.
All courses follow the same educational scenario: The subject domain is split up into six weekly units.
It now has over 5000 registered users and there are more than 12000 solar systems open for the community or registered by individual users.
The project was initiated in 2001 by Lars Magne Ingebrigtsen, one of the authors of Gnus, a newsreader for Emacs.
In December 2015, onGamers was quietly retired, with the site and all articles redirecting to GameSpot's League of Legends section.
In 1997 it moved to its own domain, bartleby.com, and was called "The New Bartleby Library", where it continued to publish highly accurate transcriptions.
The site's core editorial staff consists primarily of former GameSpot editors.
The service was available free across the United Kingdom offering multi-media educational resources.
It is free to upload content and free to access, in adherence to the principle of open data.
To further improve accuracy, Speedtest.net now performs tests via direct TCP sockets and uses a custom protocol for communication between servers and clients.
These figures were based on Ethnologue's estimate of 5,009,390 Finnish-speakers.
It is the sister site of Match.com and was established by the same team that worked for that company.
The blog was created by Farrar in July 2003, on the instigation of then prominent New Zealand blogger Gordon King.
GeneaBloggers is a categorized list of blogs for genealogical research.
Chiara Ferragni is an Italian businesswoman and fashion influencer on social media.
As the website's popularity grew, they began to incorporate more original content and hired additional staff members as well as brought in new contributors.
Hence, any further improvement of Transifex is only available to users of the proprietary Transifex SaaS.
The site had almost 7000 registered users.
The site suffered problems due to over-use caused by media coverage [1][2] in several British newspapers and on CNN
The IDEA League is a nonprofit organization that was founded by parents of children with Dravet syndrome in October 2005.
Transcribe Bentham was launched under a twelve-month Arts and Humanities Research Council grant.
SceneOne was a general entertainment website and television channel operated by Flextech Television, now Living TV Group.
Corresponding with Eric Alterman, MWO called its strategy "mimic[king] the tactics of the wingnuts," calling it an "easy" standard to uphold.
Created by Jacob Lewis and Dana Goodyear, who both worked at The New Yorker, the site officially launched on December 6, 2010.
Baidu Baike  is a Chinese-language, collaborative, web-based encyclopedia owned and produced by the Chinese search engine Baidu.
Photos, maintain blogs and lists, create and share a public profile and see which friends are currently online.
OMGPop stated on its homepage that it is "a place to hang out, play free online multiplayer games, and make friends."
Eat Your Kimchi was a production company based in South Korea that publishes videos featuring the two creators, Simon and Martina Stawski.
Launched on October 10, 2006, the site uses MediaWiki software to maintain a user-created database of information.
The website is owned and operated by Sulake, a Finnish corporation.
Balatarin was also used as a platform for coordinating protests against the regime.
            3
CBTec was founded in Helsinki, Finland in 2012 by Sotiris Makrygiannis and Sergey Gerasimenko.
In 2008, the network was purchased by College Fanz Sports Network.
Davis Courneyea is a Canadian film critic, who reviews Indian films from the Tamil film industry.
But the following single Une seconde d'éternité and the album didn't find much success.
The project is an international collaboration that intends to Africanise Wikipedia by creating and expanding 30.000 articles on Wikipedia over two years.
It was inspired by the Dutch news website, De Correspondent from the Netherlands, founded in 2013.
Acclaimed Music is a website created by Henrik Franzon, a statistician from Stockholm, Sweden in September, 2001.
It was a free service that allowed customers to fine-tune their music tastes by artist and song, providing "Listener Controlled Radio".
It has no formal connection to Low Yat Plaza, a well-known IT shopping mall in Kuala Lumpur.
The second was at the 7th annual awards where the site won the award for Best Erotic E-zine.
In contrast, Get Satisfaction approaches the problem by helping companies think more like customers.
According to the 2011 census it was the first language of 4,618,576 people in South Africa, principally in the provinces of Limpopo, Gauteng and Mpumalanga.
The Swedish Wikipedia is the Swedish language edition of Wikipedia and was started on 23 May 2001.
At its height, JavaForge  hosted more than 88,000 users.
It is an Australian Rugby Union website that covers the Wallabies, Super Rugby, Australian club and schoolboy rugby.
AfterEllen.com was founded by Sarah Warn, and AfterElton.com by Warn, Michael Jensen, and Brent Hartinger.
It was also a member of the International Libertarian Solidarity network.
Much of the content of the site consists of topical mainstream news but there are various additional segments throughout the site.
A Google Chrome App is a web application that runs on the Google Chrome web browser.
Schuman began getting other work from serious fashion publications.
Baidu offers many services, including a Chinese search engine for websites, audio files and images.
Numbeo is a crowd-sourced global database of reported consumer prices, perceived crime rates, quality of health care, other statistics.
The news website caters to a global audience, and its newly introduced slogan is "News Worth Sharing."
HeinOnline carries a number of sources which are otherwise unavailable from competing database products.
Acronym Finder is an online database of abbreviations and their meanings.
Comics Bulletin is a daily website covering the American comic-book industry.
As of 2012, it is the only Indian magazine, print or online, for this segment.
Three days before the deadline, the Evernote Corporation announced that users could sync their existing Fotopedia material with Evernote before the shutdown, free of charge.
Extensive training coupled with a participatory style also helped to diminish resistance."
It ceased print publication temporarily in 2008, but continues on the Internet and via print on demand issues.
Resignations through e-mail are allowed because the Finnish law requires resignations to be "in writing" but not "signed".
Content includes discussion forums, blogs, resource library, calendar, jobs board, service provider directory and the Due Diligence University.
Such a merge would make WeRelate the de facto standard open genealogy database for non-living ancestors, in a field that currently has many confusing alternative projects.
Chinaknowledge concentrates on certain aspects insufficiently dealt with by other sources, especially traditional literature, biographies, historical terms, economic history.
The list and related meetings were a strong influence on Bruce Sterling's 1996 science fiction novel Holy Fire.
It is the largest free Lithuanian internet encyclopedia.
after a termination of their account with Google.
As of 2008, MagicVortex has been used to send over 600,000 files and has over 10,000 registered users.
Participation in the forums only requires free registration.
Articles are published in full detail, including references.
It has drawn the attention of cartoonists and the news media for its commentary.
Listography.com and the Listography books were featured in Boing Boing Television's premiere as a place to capture one's autobiography in lists.
The organization is a pioneer in the delivery of legal information online.
Open Library is an online project intended to create "one web page for every book ever published".
GetYourGuide is a website where tourists can book activities such as tours and excursions, and buy tickets to numerous other tourist attractions.
By the third quarter of 2015, Sina Weibo has 222 million subscribers and 100 million daily users.
NURV is a film production and viral marketing company based out of Colorado Springs, CO.
He has been described as "perhaps the most influential person in the British political betting community".
After more than 4 years absence of an online home, the Internet cycling club returned with a new website.
Tamindir.com was awarded as the first by “Bilişim Yıldızları 2010” competition of Turkey Informatics Association, in the e-young category.
In 2014, it was sold to its founders.
Due to the high number of posted missions involving phone numbers, Mystery Seeker received enough complaints to remove phone numbers from the site.
The Editorial Board of Konturen comprises Kenneth S. Calhoon, Martin Klebes and Alexander Mathäs.
The company’s social-viewing platform provided users the ability to view and share various forms of media with others, live or asynchronously.
This move met opposition from users, with many German and Italian editors leaving in December 2006 for a newly established wiki, Wikivoyage.
In 2010 MSN China announced a partnership with Sina to integrate each other's services as a reaction towards one of Mainland China's largest internet companies, Tencent.
In the digestive system the stomach is involved in the second phase of digestion, following mastication.
CPAOD was the sponsor of the Death Equinox conventions held in Denver in the late 1990s, also known as Cyber-Psycho Convergences".
"The whole country is being hamstrung by Telkom and restrictive legislation.
Up-to-date external links are provided at the bottom of each article to help the reader "learn more" about or "get involved" in the issue.
Kickstart's "Preview" was launched on November 5, 2007 by Yahoo!
It was designed by Small Batch Inc, and acquired in March 2010.
This is a list of the different language editions of Wikipedia; as of 6 August 2017 there are 298 Wikipedias of which 287 are active.
HeiaHeia allows users to support and encourage their friends to do sports and exercise.
The site also offers a new working definition of public art.
Google Drive is a file storage and synchronization service developed by Google.
The Palestine Monitor is an organization that advocates for the Palestinian people, and publicizes conditions in the Gaza and West Bank.
The Vicipéid also draws directly from Fréamh an Eolais, an Irish-language encyclopedia of science and technology.
The ability to monetize groups, accept and track membership and/or meeting payments through WePay
Cram.com is a free, web-based application for creating, studying, and sharing flashcards.
It was reviewed as "an incredible collection of esoterica" by The Paris Review, and featured as one of Wired's best science books of 2014.
It is also available on Xfinity video on demand and Roku.
The Sphinx of Taharqo is a granite gneiss statue of a sphinx with the face of Taharqo.
The managing editor is Khaled Aouij; the editors are Amal Jerbi and Abir Fares.
The service offers a browser bookmarklet to facilitate making snapshots of web pages.
It has been described as the “Kickstarter for education”.
It is an elite form of a Classified advertising portal.
Posts on the site are short, user-submitted stories of unfortunate happenings that begin with "Today" and end with "FML".
Originally launched in October 2004, OverBlog reaches 62 million uniques in February 2014 according to Quantcast.
Instead of the one question—one answer model, multiple answers to a given question were presented, in descending order of user ratings.
It has been operated by AOL since October 2005.
iVillage, Inc. was a media company owned by NBCUniversal.
The web site integrates articles written by other web sites edited by Cyréalis such as JeuxVideo.fr, Mobinautes or NetEco.
Ableson has described Open Diary as "the first web site that brought online diary writers together into a community."
Broadband.gov is a website run by the Federal Communications Commission of the United States that reports Internet access around the country.
The blog was started in April 2009 by an anonymous individual using the pseudoynm Buggs, who remains the sole owner.
Members of the Foodbeast staff were featured on an MTV2 show entitled "Jobs That Don't Suck" in April 2014.
Etsy is a peer-to-peer e-commerce website focused on handmade or vintage items and supplies, as well as unique factory-manufactured items.
Its principal activities are online Armenian music and musician promotion, and artist, projects and events management.
TV Tonight is an Australian-based website which features reviews, news and programming information related to television in Australia as well as OzTAM ratings information.
Planet Magazine is a free American online fantasy and science fiction magazine by emerging writers and digital artists.
inoSMI is an internet media project that monitors and translates articles published in foreign and Western media into Russian.
In June 2014, Eliademy launched a fully localized version in China.
KMDb launched on February 2006 by Korean Film Archive.
HotBot is a metasearch engine for information on the world wide web.
It was launched on March 2010 as a joint venture between MediaCorp and Microsoft, and replaces the old MSN Singapore.
Ys  is a Japanese role-playing video game series, and Nihon Falcom corporation's flagship franchise.
With about a million people who would in theory be able to contribute, it is one of the small ones.
She has so far resisted calls for her to reveal her identity.
It currently contains over one million pages of information.
Constitutes Talukas Centers, located at Taluka Mamlatdar’s office and Taluka Development Office provision are kept for connecting Taluka level other offices horizontally.
The current number of articles in the Uzbek Wikipedia is 128,943.
As of 2016 CV-Library is one of the top 500 most visited websites in the UK according to alexa.com.
Natalie has been providing news for such leading Japanese portals and social networks as Mobage Town, GREE, Livedoor, Excite, Mixi, and Yahoo!
It is somewhat comparable to the International Plant Names Index, in which the Royal Botanic Gardens is also involved.
It also acquired Sienna Software and Space News.
Parents or students can even e-mail teachers if any kind of help is needed.
The blog had more than a million hits a day in 2007.
The service that had been available in Vietnam until June 2012, then it was substituted by Yahoo!
Nukapedia runs on MediaWiki and is currently part of the Wikia network.
There are also many other services and features on LiveJasmin, but cam model chats represent the bulk of the services rendered on the website.
Unlike most collaborative dictionary websites, such as Urban Dictionary and Wiktionary, Pseudodictionary does not require the word already to have any current or common usage.
Dread Central is an American website founded in 2006 that is dedicated to horror news, interviews, and reviews.
To this day, his music is still enjoyed throughout the Arab world.
Baseball-Reference.com is a website providing baseball statistics for every player in Major League Baseball history.
Originally it used the Java Virtual Machine for the application process, but moved to a Javascript process in 2016.
The site hosts thousands of skins, themes, icons, wallpapers, and other graphical content to modify the Windows graphical user interface.
The site offered free and paid content through the HighBeam Research database.
Map24 was taken offline on September 15th 2011. www.map24.com is now pointing to here.com.
CBSSports.com is an American sports news website operated by the CBS Interactive division of CBS Corporation.
Damon Linker at The Week describes Front Porch Republic:
In 2015, its banner drawing attention to the gender bias on Wikipedia drew the attention of Turkish media.
The project is one of the leading Wikipedia among other South Asian language Wikipedia's in various quality matrices.
translating systematically reviewed research and making it accessible to Norwegian readers
The site maintains a strict confidentiality policy to protect its clients.
User registration is required to post, but is often closed.
Thingiverse is a website dedicated to the sharing of user-created digital design files.
The resource is published by a San Francisco-based company run by Dave Margulius, who himself is an avid collector.
It is similar to GitHub, which primarily uses Git.
As of Apr 2009, the system indexed over 725 million blog posts.
It is freely accessible, aligned with the Open Access movement and is a voluntary enterprise.
Sporcle is a trivia quiz website launched on January 30, 2007.
The website typically publishes three new articles per day, with about half of the posts focussed on British Airways and Avios points.
Database dumps of the articles are available for download.
In August 2014, Mediabistro's publishing assets were acquired by Prometheus Global Media, a subsidiary of Guggenheim Partners, for $8 million.
Widely used open-source X desktop projects—such as GNOME, KDE, and Xfce—are collaborating with the freedesktop.org project.
It has five categories, they are -
On the web portal, users can upload Adobe Flash, HTML 5/JavaScript, Shockwave, Java or Unity games.
In the end of 2014, MEGOGO was launched as a localised project in Czech Republic.
Flurb releases tended to garner significant online attention, with issues having been mentioned in several blogs including Boing Boing and io9.
The initiative is focused on enabling Kosovo citizens to act as digital diplomats, take part in online advocacy and help integrate Kosovo into the digital landscape.
It was launched in May 2011 and includes some updates contributed by users during 2011.
PCH Games is a casual game portal owned by Publishers Clearing House and based in New York City.
It was co-founded by Roger Dickey and Debo Olaosebikan and based in San Francisco, California.
In January 2014, Carbuyer refreshed its image with a new logo, new video graphics and website design.
Developed by Antonio Gutierrez, the site uses sound, dynamic geometry, animations, science, and Incan history with the goal of raising students' interest in Euclidean geometry.
There are live shows where DJs and fans come together in an Internet Relay Chat channel while on air.
Solomon's weekly column, "Media Beat", was in national syndication from 1992 to 2009.
The factors that affect gloss are the refractive index of the material, the angle of incident light and the surface topography.
The anniversary of Utena City used to be held on the last weekend of September each year.
According to the authors' list, 20 percent of the contributors are educated to Ph.D. level.
In January 2005, blogging software company Six Apart purchased Danga Interactive, the company that operated LiveJournal, from Fitzpatrick.
The portal has an average of around eight lakh website visitors per month.
Teoma, pronounced tay o mah, was an Internet search engine founded in 2000 by Professor Apostolos Gerasoulis and his colleagues at Rutgers University in New Jersey.
In 2016, Backchannel was purchased by Condé Nast.
It is affiliated with The Guardian's Environment Network.
The site was focused on reviews, commentary, interviews, and news about contemporary and classic films.
BookCrossing is defined as "the practice of leaving a book in a public place to be picked up and read by others, who then do likewise."
The Channel 9 team have produced interviews with Bill Gates, Erik Meijer and Mark Russinovich.
The company is based in Washington, D.C., United States.
There is also a FileHippo App Manager, a free program that scans a computer for outdated software and offers links to more recent versions.
Founded in 2007, Elixio allows networking opportunities for senior to executive-level business professionals.
The King Abdullah Bin Abdulaziz Arabic Health Encyclopedia is an Arabic public health encyclopedia.
Several spin-offs have been launched including: Wired UK, Wired Italia, Wired Japan and Wired Germany.
By January 2015 the company claimed to have over 4.5 million readers per month.
It was stated in 2012 that the website became defunct.
By 2013, RoomSync had more than 100,000 users that utilized the application to choose their roommates.
It also has a phonetic Latin alphabet to Bengali script tool so Latin alphabet keyboards can be used to type Bengali without downloading any software.
The project was launched in early 2002 and was restructured and updated in January, 2006.
The engine searches Apache, JavaDocs, SourceForge, and Wikipedia, amongst other sources.
Both PolitiFact and PunditFact are funded primarily by the Tampa Bay Times and ad revenues generated on the website.
Many of the most popular medical wikis take the form of encyclopedias, with a separate article for each medical term.
The website was launched in 1999 initially as the leading portal for the personal websites of the world’s top footballers.
It is wholly owned by the Troyka Group.
As of 2012 it is owned by the publisher American Media.
The first annotated English translation was completed and published by Lionel Giles in 1910.
The digital library aims to provide several reliable online resources.
V2.fi is a Finnish entertainment and gaming oriented website that publishes daily articles, reviews, and news about movies, video games, music, and entertainment devices.
xHamster is a pornographic media and social networking site headquartered in Limassol, Cyprus.
Spiegel Online is one of the most widely read German-language news Websites.
At November 2013, Webtretho has more than 1,300,000 registered accounts and more than 15,000,000 posts.
It aims to list all accepted families, genera and species, as well as provide access to the related taxonomic literature.
HUP has been associated with the Free Software Network foundation.
This report, although close, was not quite accurate, as in fact the content now came from another Oxford dictionary, the Oxford American College Dictionary.
In addition to the tape archive, Spirit of Metal acts as a messaging service.
An innovative project created by the Hague Academic Coalition, the Portal was officially launched in April 2006.
Launched on 26 August 2005, the website became an Internet phenomenon.
Access to most TSC content is unrestricted.
Games was a section of the Yahoo!
It was started on October 9, 1998 by Eugeny Naidenov, a student of the economic faculty of Kaliningrad State University, Russia.
Starting Point Directory employs paid editors that review each site and apply a set of quality guidelines to each listing.
Blurtit resembles a social media site opposed to an information reference site.
that its Games section would be dissolved completely on May 13, 2016.
With strong investments in universities, Texas developed a diversified economy and high tech industry in the mid-20th century.
My School is a website administered by the Australian Curriculum, Assessment and Reporting Authority which provides access to information about Australian schools.
All questions were fed randomly to participants and have only three options for answering: "yes," "no," and "don't care."
Music Xray was founded by Mike McCready and Tracie Reed both formerly of Polyphonic HMI in Barcelona, Spain.
No new administrator was announced to replace Lawver, leaving the respective duties for the site unmaintained.
service that allowed users to broadcast videos in real time.
Players are assigned specific positions, which define their roles within the team and restrict their movement to certain areas of the court.
More focused discussions were held on the sidelines in inflatable igloos.
Gitorious was a shared web hosting service for collaborative free and open-source software development projects that use the Git revision control system.
Fight Club is a 1999 American film based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Chuck Palahniuk.
However, in March 2013 Boneless's account was used to destroy the site's database, and again in May by some accounts he secretly created.
Tianya Club is one of the most popular Internet forums in China.
Users can sign up and register books to generate library catalogs.
It is published mainly in Russian and Belarusian.
With features similar to SourceForge, it acts as a centralized location for open-source software developers.
It is their mother tongue and they want to keep it alive, keep its literature alive.
It features poetry, prose, and what it refers to as 'misfit lit'.
Stories could be scrolled between using the mouse or cursor keys.
The website provides 'on demand showings' and 'reverse search'.
As of 2006, the library was recording about 200,000 page views per day and providing about 2 TB of information in a month.
It does not require registration; anyone can play anonymously.
This led some to mistakenly believe that Whedonesque is Whedon's personal or official site and prompted some fans to take up the writers' cause.
The site also offers access via mobile devices, and offers a version tailored for the Opera Mini application.
Midway through World War II, in 1942, the league dissolved.
The Daily Stormer is an American neo-Nazi and white supremacist news and commentary website.
Whrrl had a recommendation engine that uses algorithms and users' votes to surface relevant recommendations.
The topics are researched by TruthOrFiction's staff, and rated "Truth", or "Fiction".
Userplane powers chat experiences for many of the top 25 dating sites and language learning sites.
However, both California and federal courts have repeatedly identified Rutter treatises as "well-respected" interpretations of the law, which may be cited as "redoubtable" authority.
The Sploofus site was originally created by Justin Morton in 2004 and grew to a membership of more than 67,000 members by November 2009.
Cheapflights is a travel metasearch engine which compares flight prices from airlines and online travel agents.
This hoax created a media uproar; even the respectable NOS Journaal of the public television reported the event.
Halalgoogling is an Islamic internet search engine aimed at Muslim users as in the holy month of ramadhan they try to ban the haram content.
The site is hosted and supported by the Tsadra Foundation.
On March 6, 2009, Kniest announced that the site would be shutting down the following Friday, March 13.
It is a self-service platform where users can create an e-commerce store, upload their product catalog, customize their site and sell their products.
It was part of the Georg von Holtzbrinck Publishing Group, and is the second most successful dating agency in Germany.
It focused on artists that are generally outside the metal mainstream, and occasionally covers other forms of extreme music as well.
Wolfram Research founder Stephen Wolfram is the CEO.
In August, 2009 Barnes & Noble shut down Quamut, though the print charts continue to be available.
It's a self-financed organisation devoted to promote and spread Bangladeshi music all over the world.
It was founded in San Francisco by Rahul Simha, Vish Chapalamadugu and Mohit Aggarwal in July 2012.
All of the collections are available in at least 6 official UN languages: Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Russian and Spanish.
With the Gadsden Purchase, Sonora lost more than a quarter of its territory.
Licorize has an extended set of importing / synchronizing functions, covering Twitter, Dropbox, Evernote, LinkedIn, RSS, Pocket, Delicious, Google Contacts and e-mail.
Its target demographic is 18- to 29-year-olds.
It differentiates from other educational website such as the Khan Academy because teachers can sign up and upload videos, creating courses and exams.
The name is an acronym for Temple of the Screaming Electron.
Uchronia: The Alternate History List is an online general-interest book database containing a bibliography of over 3300 alternate history novels, stories, essays and other printed material.
It has found favor with educators for whom YouTube content is blocked by content filtering systems.
The Helmet Project is a website that illustrates the evolution of gridiron football helmets since 1960.
It is owned and operated by Taunt Media.
The focus of the Musical Pairings is on indie rock.
A milkshake can also be made by adding powder into fresh milk and stirring the powder into the milk.
Kred Influence Measurement, or Kred, is a website created by PeopleBrowsr that attempts to measure online social influence.
Its articles were often highly critical of American foreign policy and military interventions in especially Muslim countries.
Founded in Berlin as CityDeal in December 2009, the collective now serves Germany, France, Spain, Sweden, Austria, the Netherlands, United Kingdom, Italy, Ireland and Turkey.
Created in 2010, the platform has a mission to democratize the investment process.
Kickback integrates on top of popular existing games, where the service adds matchmaking, anti-cheat, support and payouts.
In October 2011 the application won the Swisscom App of the Year Award 2011 for iOS systems.
RotoWire provides fantasy news and information to ESPN, Yahoo!
"The Smitten Kitchen Cookbook" was published in 2012 and came out at No.
The Calgary Puck community prides themselves in maintaining integrity in discussions of all things related to both the Flames and the National Hockey League.
There are over 320,000 other pages, including over 13,000 surname categories.
Former Weather Channel climate expert Heidi Cullen is the group's Director of Communications and Chief Climatologist.
In July 2013, ESPN announced that it would become the owner of the FiveThirtyEight brand and site, and Silver was appointed as editor-in-chief.
By using an online editor, readers can edit examples and execute the code in a sandbox.
from the server to the user computer, and the upload data rate, i.e.
They can choose to deploy their AWS systems to provide internet-based services for their own and their customers' benefit.
The company was founded by Aodhan Cullen at the age of 16.
bartcop was a liberal blogger from Tulsa, Oklahoma, active on the web since 1996 who produced his own internet radio show beginning in 2004.
Generally released by Microsoft in August 2015, Sway allows users who have a Microsoft account to combine text and media to create a presentable website.
In 2016, SpinMedia closed and Celebuzz, The Frisky, and The Superficial were sold to CPX Interactive.
Editorial control is overseen by three site administrators who also write for the news pages, together with a number of recognized contributors.
Overlawyered is a law blog on the subject of tort reform run by author Walter Olson.
InterArtCenter galleries are designed for digital artists, illustrators, animators, photographers, web & graphic designers, and all creative individuals around the globe.
The first version of the website was officially launched in December 2011.
Users can pull content locally from the device in use, or from internet sources such as Bing, Facebook, OneDrive, and YouTube.
It is currently one of the largest online communities in Turkey with over 400,000 registered users.
Whyville is extremely popular, and has a registered base of more than 7 million users.
The journal provides a Turkish approach on global and regional issues.
All of the games are programmed in Java.
Jesus Christ Superstar is a 1970 rock opera with music by Andrew Lloyd Webber and lyrics by Tim Rice.
Inside Higher Ed is a media company and daily online publication that provides news, opinion, resources and jobs focused on college and university topics.
The Economist Intelligence Unit's Global Liveability Ranking sees Zürich rank among the top ten most liveable cities in the world.
wePapers uses Adobe Flash technology to display documents from all major types within the web browser, on the wePapers website.
Among Western media, it is analogous to the English-language website Reddit for its image and influence upon Korean internet culture.
The site tends to post texts that are shocking or scandalous.
Project Gutenberg Australia, abbreviated as PGA, is an Internet site which was founded in 2001 by Colin Choat.
SourceAgency, a platform for coordinating open source funding
Gorter is besides the site's interaction designer also the main curator of the SpaceCollective Gallery, a showcase of images and texts.
Beliefnet is a lifestyle website providing feature editorial content around the topics of inspiration, spirituality, health, wellness, love and family, news and entertainment.
MetaCrawler became well known during the late 1990s when the verb "metacrawled" was used by television talk show host Conan O'Brien on TRL.
For example, it has PDFs of scans of the entire Federal Register, which is updated on a daily basis.
Last Rites, formerly Metal Review, is a music blog focusing primarily on heavy metal music including critical reviews, feature articles, and interviews.
Other notable bloggers include Whitney Port, Nick Cannon and Holly Madison.
The study of how learning occurs is part of educational psychology, neuropsychology, learning theory, and pedagogy.
A book containing submissions to the site along with charts, graphs, illustrations, and tips was published in June 2011.
When asked about it in an interview with Fortune, will.i.am responded with "Ehh, I don’t want to do it anymore.
Oath announced its acquisition of AOL in May 2015, and announced its deal to purchase Yahoo!
whitehouse.gov is the official website of the White House and is owned by the United States government.
It is a registered trademark of Blucora, Inc.
Founded in 1999, it is "widely considered to be the oldest legal blog and is also one of the most popular", according to Law.com.
Subtitled "the magazine of Christian unrest", Ship of Fools pokes fun and asks critical questions about the Christian faith.
Apart from the news, the site includes large and ever-growing blogging and civic photojournalism platforms.
Their license was updated in June 2015 to mitigate the allegations about the license.
It was started and is run by military enthusiasts.
Although Angelfire and Tripod are separate sites, they share much of the same underlying software, such as the blog application.
In 2013, The Oil Drum announced that it would stop publishing new content and would turn into an archive resource.
During a translation, it looks for patterns in millions of documents to help decide on the best translation.
Tumbhi provides a platform to discover, nurture and leverage talent.
Gravatar is a service for providing globally unique avatars which was created by Tom Preston-Werner.
As of 28 June 2016, it had 104,325 articles.
The blogs express right-wing views such as sweeping away the welfare state and referring to the RSPCA as a lunatic lefty organisation promoting class war.
The Hunger Site is not a charity; it is a for-profit corporation which donates the revenue from its advertising banner to selected charities.
Emerson had written anonymously out of fear of reprisals but suffered no consequences from being outed beyond receiving occasional email threats.
The Official Ninja Webpage: Real Ultimate Power is a satire website created in 2002 by the pseudonymous Robert Hamburger.
In 2011, WinRumors was nominated as "Best new blog of the year" by ComputerWeekly.
The publication has 11 news bureaus across the U.S.
Durham21 did not recruit a new editorial team for 2012 and the website has not been updated since 2011.
With the Artists platform any musician could connect with fans through MTV, VH1, and CMT, both online and on-air.
Containing both audio and video, fizy serves own legal files and fetches files from other websites and immediately starts to stream them.
Quantcast estimates Multiply had 2.47 million monthly U.S. unique visitors at their peak on July 30, 2012.
The site implements AJAX technology for a more interactive and personalized web experience.
From January thru July 2009, Andrews McMeel Universal had a series of layoffs due to consolidation of departments and corporate restructuring.
The site produces The Sex Factor, a reality series in which men and women compete to become porn stars.
Naver is a popular Web portal in South Korea, owned by Naver Corporation.
Gamertag Radio is a gaming and entertainment podcast that delivers gaming news, reviews and interviews from the Video Game industry.
In September 2014 Ukraine's National Council of Television banned 15 Kremlin-run channels, including Life News, for what they claimed was war propaganda.
The site has six million unique visitors on a monthly basis.
He has appeared on Larry King Live, with Bill Maher, Bill O'Reilly and with Brian Lamb on C-SPAN.
Written using the persona of a 13-year-old boy, the site is a parody of adolescent fascination with Ninjas.
Ian Randal Strock began his career as the editorial assistant of the magazines Analog Science Fiction and Fact and Asimov's Science Fiction.
Of these 42,000 are rated as national landmarks, while the rest are of regional or local significance.
in a deal which saw Lewis agree to remain as editor in chief before taking on the role of executive chairman in 2015.
On the other hand, journalist Robert Samuelson supported a claim that public schools have made minimal progress since 1970 by using aggregated and cherry-picked NAEP statistics.
Google Toolbar has a tool enabling users to easily bookmark pages and access them.
TAPoR is a gateway that highlights tools and code snippets usable for text analysis of all types.
iDesktop.tv now has over 125,000 registered users.
The firm has acquired the earlier-established competitive products of Jackson Software, the makers of GradeQuick, and Orbis Software, the makers of Easy Grade Pro.
riscos.info is a web site for users of the RISC OS operating system, run by Peter Naulls and John Tytgat.
It has also been blamed for encouraging illegal skateboarding in Halesowen.
Some content is based on reader-submitted tips and complaints, but the majority of the site's articles consist of original content and reporting by the site's staff.
The composition of Jurnalo's homepage and its ranking of articles are determined by completely automated algorithms.
Funding was quickly approved by then-Secretary of State for Scotland Michael Forsyth and announced by then-Prime Minister John Major on 4 July 1996.
In November 2009 Mystery Seeker had 440,000 unique visitors, making it one of the most highly trafficked social entertainment sites online.
He originally contributed to WebMuseum from 1995 before establishing the Artchive.
Items submitted are reviewed by the scheme’s own team of experts and full identification details are provided or confirmed as soon as possible.
Cameo writing appearances include Brian Clevinger of 8-Bit Theatre and Scott Ramsoomair of VG Cats.
In mid-2007, the site typically ranked in the mid-200s among the most popular websites on the Internet.
The protest brought together signatures on a letter to President-Elect Barack Obama about his promises to the LGBT community.
Wordster is an online language resource, that offers through its website dictionary, thesaurus, and other services for anyone learning about the English language.
According to the editorial board of ScienceNet, it has been ranking the top one among Chinese science websites.
Among them, the founders hold 50% in the publishing company, while The Slate Group holds 15%.
At its height of popularity, Playahead was, together with LunarStorm and Hamsterpaj, the most popular social networks amongst Swedish teenagers.
Google Map Maker was used at Google Mapathon events held annually.
The change is a response from the continued growth in mobile, and a push for web developers to adopt a mobile-friendly version of their websites.
The key staff and editors are Stéphane Jaunin, Arnaud Lanuque, Van-Thuan Ly, Philippe Quevillart and David-Olivier Vidouze.
Today the company has over 700,000 active subscribers.
At its peak the site was able to attract 2 million users a month.
It allows users to find and watch major studio content, independent productions and user-generated material.
The website/app helps them locate a group to arrange a place and time to meet.
It is often praised for its in-depth coverage of Linux kernel internals.
It also reached 800,000 members in the same week.
The Indonesian media has discussed the Javanese Wikipedia.
Due to the success of this, the service was expanded to cover the entire Meridian region, then the whole of the ITV network.
It also exploits concept maps to facilitate smooth navigation.
Ensogo is an Australia-based social commerce website th
As of September 2009, Hotud.org had rebuilt the archive.
In 2009, Hemant Mehta ranked Pharyngula the most popular atheist blog, based on subscriber levels and other factors.
Originally started as a relatively small online publication, the site has exponentially grown to more than 1.1 million visitors monthly.
In 2016, Ricci was given the Jazz Ambassador Award for his contributions to jazz in Philadelphia.
The site contained thousands of trusted resources, updated daily, from the federal government, educational institutions, non-profit organizations and state and local governments.
Crawlers consume resources on the systems they visit and often visit sites without approval.
Members gain reputation based on the community's response to their questions and answers.
NCN was established to create a resource for nanoscience and nanotechnology via online services for research, education, and professional collaboration.
Coub is a Russian video sharing website and both iOS and Android app.
Jumpdates has made a strong statement in online dating industry in recent past with more and more online singles are coming to jumpdates.
Wikipedia is the only encyclopedia in Finnish which is still updated.
yfrog is a defunct image hosting service formerly run by ImageShack.
They ran the website QOOP.com, which was presented as a 'social commerce network' for authors, artists, media archives and publishers.
Dialog is an online information service owned by ProQuest, who acquired it from Thomson Reuters in mid-2008.
Based in The Netherlands they provide tailor made one to one lessons through an online virtual classroom.
Its CEO is former state representative Brady Walkinshaw.
MyMiniFactory is a website for the free sharing of 3D printable files.
It is one of the oldest Bengali language Websites in the net.
Similarly, Acid3 does not evaluate a browser's HTML5 conformance.
In practice, anyone who creates tangible or intangible objects, products, processes, laws, games, graphics, services, and experiences is referred to as a designer.
authorSTREAM also allows its users to share their presentations on Apple iPod or iPhone or on equivalent devices, and to upload it on YouTube.
Products on offer include new line-ups, overstock, refurbished products and return merchandise.
It features both established and emerging writers.
It was developed in the spirit of the Acid test by the Web Standards Project and test the relevant parts that mobile browser need to support.
LiveATC.net is an audio streaming site that provides a live feed of Air Traffic Control communications around the world.
At that time, there were a few Iran-related websites and most Persian media did not have online editions.
On December 18, 2008 the site became a part of Wikia.
It is the second largest automotive classified site.
Colnect Collectors Club Community, is a website containing wiki-like collectables catalogs.
The heart of the site is the chat forum in which English speakers discuss news, pose questions and answers, and organise social events.
He has been accused of using "pseudoscience to sell his lies".
The editorial team of Dominique Weesie and Ambroos Wiegers both owned 50% of the shares, against 30% after the takeover.
It also included crash statistics by company, plane model and year.
Packet Storm Security is a popular information security website offering current and historical computer security tools, exploits, and security advisories.
His attitude, which Torvalds considers necessary for making his point clear, has drawn opposition from Intel programmer Sarah Sharp and systemd developer Lennart Poettering, among others.
George Monbiot has also criticised Media Lens for their defence of Edward S. Herman against charges of "belittling the acts of genocide".
The site exists since 1999 and is operated by the Cylex, based in Palota, Romania.
As of October 2011, it has over 33,000 articles and is the 76th largest Wikipedia by article count.
Sanjeev Gupta, a fraud "MD" of the company has not paid their employees salary & closed the company.
Reporting daily on events happening in Tunisia concerning Tunisians, North Africans Arabs and Muslims in general.
The site has sections covering the Nintendo Switch, Wii U, Wii, Nintendo 3DS, Nintendo DSi, WiiWare, DSiWare and classic titles re-released through Nintendo's Virtual Console games.
Ranker is a digital media company located in Los Angeles.
However, the site is also no longer accessible in the UK, Denmark, and customers of some ISPs in Austria due to ISPs blocking the site.
The Rangjung Yeshe Wiki currently has over 23,720 content pages, 1,060 uploaded files, and 825 registered users.
Users can collect their favorite images to share with friends and organize into collections.
Noisecreep is a hard rock and heavy metal music news and media website based in the United States.
eConozco is a social networking site aimed at the Spanish speaking professionals.
announced that "changes in supporting technologies and increased security requirements for our own Yahoo!
It offers suggestions for how to live, and also includes frequent references to how Leo Babauta has implemented these habits.
The website has been featured in many news articles.
Last.fm is a music website, founded in the United Kingdom in 2002.
Novelist Amanda Filipacchi wrote in The Wall Street Journal that the site "intelligently discusses and entertainingly lambastes Wikipedia’s problematic practices".
Users could leave comments for other users, rank stories, and submit topics to be added to the site.
In the spring of 2008, the site launched a quarterly print magazine of the same name.
This was removed from eBay some time ago.
FeedBurner is a web feed management provider launched in 2004.
Bunchball provides a cloud-based software as a service gamification product intended to help companies improve customer loyalty and online engagement using game mechanics.
The site offers news, blogs, forums and original content covering urban issues, politics, and culture in the city.
CollabMobile is a mobile data visualization and collaboration platform that works both on-cloud and on-premises.
As of w/c 1 May 2017 the site appears to be offline.
Student of Fortune was a United States-based company that provided an online tutoring marketplace.
It was started on 11 May 2001.
eurOut.org, founded in September 2008, is a European website publishing news about lesbian and bisexual women in entertainment and politics in the English language.
International Free Hugs Month is celebrated on the first Saturday of July and continues until August first.
In 2016 Hein launched “Slavery in America and the World: History, Culture, & Law."
Its video content is available in on-demand and linear formats on over-the-top services, and at newsy.com.
ArchINFORM is an online database for international architecture, originally emerging from records of interesting building projects from architecture students from the University of Karlsruhe, Germany.
Discussion forums are set up for each week, and actively moderated by the teaching team.
BookRags contains concise book summaries and thorough analysis of more than 6,000 literary works, which is, according to one source, the largest collection online.
On May 1, 2016, the site was closed down permanently with all content taken offline.
On August 16, 2016, Gawker and all its brands were acquired at auction by Univision Communications.
In February 2016, Rotten Tomatoes and its parent site Flixster were sold to Comcast's Fandango.
That's So Gloss is an online magazine and community targeted at young women in India.
Gentlemint is a social networking site for sharing links, photos and videos.
Linus Torvalds is known for angrily disagreeing with other developers on the LKML.
It also allowed users to search for podcasts or browse from a podcast directory.
Currently it's available on the territory of 15 Post-Soviet states.
TWIC has been edited by Mark Crowther since its inception in 1994.
It was initially rolled out in March and as of 21 June 2014, users can browse a library of about 175 concepts with it.
Sapotek has since gone off of the public market and has closed its doors.
Moheet is an Arabic news web portal founded in 1997, based at Dubai Media City in Dubai, United Arab Emirates and owned by ArabiaInform.
Monsters and Critics is a news blog founded in 2003.
Getmetickets.net was a British owned company that traded in sold-out tickets.
Science.gov is a web portal and specialized search engine.
Today it is a multibillion-dollar business with operations in about 30 countries.
User contributions are licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported.
Eliademy was unveiled to public in February 2013 by CBTec.
It is available in both English and Hebrew.
The site reproduces Photo Synthesis, a series of articles on individual works that Colin Westerbeck first contributed to the Los Angeles Times.
The title is a reference to the French film magazine, Cahiers du cinéma.
SpeedOf.Me utilizes multiple test servers around the world, for speed and reliability, and the server is chosen automatically.
Examine.com is a Canadian company that runs an online encyclopedia focused on health, nutrition, and supplementation.
It is the world’s first online music tuition service to offer song lessons taught directly by the original recording artist.
It provides source code repositories and web hosting services.
IndiaWeekly is a commercial website serving India and its diaspora, providing them with an online shopping platform for entertainment products like movies, music, and gifts.
Since started as a B2B business site in 1996, ECPlaza has grown to No.1 Trade Leader providing online and off line service to over 1,000,000 members.
Similar trans-wiki efforts have been made for Scandinavian-language editions, such as the Swedish, Norwegian, and Danish through Wikimedia's Skanwiki collaboration tool.
NExScI was formerly known as the Michelson Science Center and before that as the Interferometry Science Center.
Now professional athletes have a chance to set long-term goals based on their long-term results in comparison to other professional beach volleyball players.
The Ukrainian government has at times reportedly exerted pressure on the publication to restrict access to freedom of information.
Researchers can comment directly on text, formulas, and images in research papers, post related questions and answer questions posed by each other.
Contributors submit a sample of writing and are asked to demonstrate expertise to Digital Journal's editorial board.
Posteo is an email service provider offering paid email accounts for individuals and businesses based in Berlin, Germany.
Filmfront is owned by Filmfront AS, a Norwegian company owned Pål Frostad and Omega Media AS.
SDA also hosts two annual speedrunning charity marathons, Awesome Games Done Quick and Summer Games Done Quick.
NURV is currently producing a feature-length movie starring viral video stars titled The Chronicles of Rick Roll.
The TOM Group is the majority shareholder.
The deal was claimed to be worth €2.6 million.
SciStarter recruits, trains, and equips people for citizen science research projects in need of their help.
Noisecreep also produces a video podcast dubbed the "Creep Show" which features interviews with various metal bands.
It was started on September 25, 2007 with a first post by the U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs Sean McCormack.
The title is an allusion to the BBC TV series Jim'll Fix It.
Listen2myradio is an Internet radio, video streaming and website hosting service founded by WebCode LTD in 2006.
Common targets of OMM news updates included John Romero and American McGee.
In 2005, Lexico announced that Reference.com would begin offering searches of Wikipedia content.
Users can add trackers to certain bills.
The storyline is about a French teenager who commits suicide after she is raped.
The Free On-line Dictionary of Computing is an online, searchable, encyclopedic dictionary of computing subjects.
Jeff Israely wrote a series of articles about the experience for the Nieman Journalism Lab.
abbywinters.com is a pornographic paysite largely revolving around nude modelling pictorials and lesbian and solo sex acts by female models.
Among the board of directors are the Oslo-politician Håkon Haugli, who is the leader of the Norwegian Gay and Lesbian Social Democrats in Arbeiderpartiet.
The forum is frequented by many developers of the tools and codecs featured on the site, such as FairUse4WM.
Agora's activities include newspapers, advertising, cinemas, radio, various online services, magazines, books and more.
Today, 4gamer.net is a comprehensive video game information site.
It is attributed as the only website to offer practice tests based on real Department of Motor Vehicles examinations.
iWork was initially sold as a suite for $79, then later at $19.99 per app on OS X and $9.99 per app on iOS.
Gigwise is a British online music news site that features music news, photos, album reviews, music festivals, concert tickets and video content.
community to interact and have a say on how upcoming products are designed and fine tuned.
Hein continues to add to the library every month.
According to I-CD, Albert Popkov as an employee of I-CD worked on their projects 192.com and Passado until his resignation in November 2005.
These lots cover the United States, Canada, Europe and Australia.
The World Socialist Web Site publishes articles and analysis of news and events all around the world updated on a daily basis.
The blogger was IP-traced, raided by the FBI, and settled with Conde Nast.
Users can view the whole star sky at once and zoom in to view areas in greater detail.
On 22 November 1999 Sainsbury's started e-business in partnership with LineOne.
Books are provided either by publishers and authors, through the Google Books Partner Program, or by Google's library partners, through the Library Project.
The site won the 1994 Best of the Web award for the "Best Use of Multiple Media".
Professional Super Smash Bros. competition involves professional gamers competing in the Super Smash Bros. series of crossover fighting games published by Nintendo.
Mugurdy is a visual search engine that launched its public beta in July 2009.
Thousands of torrents were added to and deleted from it every day.
Based in New York City, Jango was launched in November 2007 by Daniel Kaufman and Chris Dowhan, who were previously the founders of Dash.com.
Aviation Herald reports upon incidents as well as accidents as well as crashes.
The East Asia Image Collection is an open-access digital repository of images from all areas of the history of the Empire of Japan.
The Sumo and Japanese themes are more prominent in the other facets of the game:
The site's motto is, "You'll understand when you're younger."
Early factories that contained small amounts of machinery, such as one or two spinning mules, and fewer than a dozen workers have been called "glorified workshops".
Twitchy's Twitter account has over 200,000 followers.
Radiosarajevo.ba is popular web portal in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The site tracks cases before the Court from the certiorari stage through the merits stage.
Public transport ticketing in New South Wales, Australia operated using magnetic-stripe technology between 1989 and 2016.
SciDev reports that Hackteria is trying to change the way development is done with DIY.
The system running LUSENET crashed in March 2005 and it is no longer active.
The penny auction was invented by Lloyd Liske and William Buckell when the site was first created and known as telebid.com.
As of 15 December 2010, the site is no longer active; the blog is also down, as of November 2011.
Headquartered in Windsor, England, the company also has offices in Miami, US and Sydney, Australia.
Additional services in this category include, but are not limited to, Reddit oder Digg.
The site was founded in 2012 by Paul Hiebert and Jonathan Hall.
However, the range of musical genres covered extends to pop, r&b, hip hop, folk, jazz, World music, and various forms of electronic dance music.
Anobii.com will continue to exist as a social network for book lovers.
Eventually, Craig's Helper's name was changed to SearchTempest and began to search eBay and Amazon as well.
Index Fungorum is one of three nomenclatural repositories recognized by the Nomenclature Committee for Fungi; the others are MycoBank and Fungal Names.
FindLaw was created by Stacy Stern, Martin Roscheisen, and Tim Stanley in 1995, and was acquired by Thomson West in 2001.
Geograph Project Limited, is a Charity Registered in England and Wales, and the name Geograph is trademarked.
It is headquartered in Montigny Le Bretonneux, France.
Novopress is a news site that presents itself as an "international news agency" founded by Fabrice Robert, a leader of the French nationalist organization Bloc Identitaire.
The additional US$25 million came from five cornerstone institutions—the Field Museum, Harvard University, the Marine Biological Laboratory, the Missouri Botanical Garden, and the Smithsonian Institution.
The site formerly offered a radio streaming service, which was discontinued on 28 April 2014.
It allows users to create and share looping videos up to ten seconds long, using existing video from YouTube, Vimeo, or their own files.
Subsequently, the free video editing service shut down on January 31, 2012.
A subsequent tongue-in-cheek public apology regarding the article later went viral on social media.
IFilm Also Ifilm TV is an Iranian entertainment network which consists of three channels in English, Arabic and Persian.
It can search and display flights from over 350 traditional and low cost airlines.
Winners are selected based on a vote by registered users.
First introduced to market in 1997 by Tim Yu, the “Timway Hong Kong Search Engine” has immediately became popular among local individuals and corporations alike.
In addition to Shen, several former veteran reporters from mainstream publications, such as The Baltimore Sun, write for the Brew.
In the same interview with SheWired.com, Michael K was asked to name the reason for the blog's success.
Inkd calls itself the "World's First Market for Original Print Design".
WIPO Lex also covers international treaties related to intellectual property.
Some of them are CalSky, Exoplanet Archive, Exoplanet Data Explorer, Extrasolar Planets Encyclopaedia, Universe Today, Space.com and Galaxy Zoo.
A number of artists discographies are uniquely indexed and/or newly created.
Bitesize is the BBC's free online study support resource for school-age students in the United Kingdom.
STV, the only region not owned by ITV plc, have their own separate website at stv.tv.
The Twin Cities Daily Planet is an independent website specializing in news events in the Minneapolis – Saint Paul metropolitan area.
Hearst Shkulev Digital is a digital media company direction Hearst Shkulev Media, comprising: a network of women's Internet portals and a network of city sites.
These were largely supplanted by raster-based devices in the following decades.
The show is co-hosted by Andy Wood, Matt Kirshen, and Jesse Case.
As of March 2014, there are more than 1 million Diaspora accounts.
The website does not have an End of Day, which is the end of the trading day in financial markets—players can trade at any time.
Rookie is an American online magazine for teenage girls created by fashion blogger Tavi Gevinson.
MacManus is based in Lower Hutt, New Zealand, but the officers and writers of RW work from diverse locations, including Portland, Oregon.
The service is often used by journalists, bloggers or companies who need to collect, organize and keep a track of their Twitter mentions.
GameTZ.com's offer system provides users with the ability to send and receive offers, check out trade details, shipping methods, and so on.
The stated focus of Christianity.com is to provide Christian content and interactive tools to help people understand Christianity.
It is described by its creators, Mudlark, as “location-based top trumps”, and encourages competition through leaderboards.
Universal and Sony created PressPlay rather than joining RealNetworks' online service MusicNet, which had signed BMG, EMI and AOL Time Warner.
During McCauley's time as editor, GamePolitics adopted a pro-consumer orientation, leveling sharp criticism at the video game industry on certain issues.
The views expressed on Viking Fusion are not necessarily those of Berry College's board of trustees, the administration, or the department of communication.
Box Office Prophets was originally launched as the first site to offer a comprehensive, searchable database for weekend box office free of charge to visitors.
StatCounter is used on 2.1% of all websites.
After its win, the website was mentioned in some small blogs and in Wired magazine.
Occasionally, Drudge authors new stories himself, based on tips.
As of February 20, 2016, the site claimed 5,466,005 user-submitted reviews for 198,045 stores.
The Sidewalk.com website was formerly the location of a Microsoft Corporation local information project.
The repository contains over 40 million media files.
CNET named the free Regator iPhone app one of the top 10 iPhone apps of 2009.
Currently in development are a feature called "Crunch It!"
Aufeminin is one of the leading worldwide digital media groups that achieved a turnover of 87.2M€ in 2014.
Booknik, Jewish Texts and Themes is an Internet publication in Russian on Jewish literature and culture.
MapmyUser provides realtime web stats with visitor's Geolocation.
In 2011, the Doctor Who News Page won SFX magazine's "SFX Blog Award", in the category of "Best SF News Blog".
It stars Frances Chewning as Mimi, and Hannah Bos as Flo.
Dumbemployed is an English-language blog and blook featuring stories about "the jobs you love to hate".
The total value of BlogCN is estimated at US$10,000,000.
In a March 2006 profile, Charisma noted that "The Elijah List has more than 127,000 subscribers and has become the largest platform for prophetic ministers."
StepAway Magazine is a Newcastle upon Tyne based online English literary journal.
KASKUS is an Indonesian Internet forum that is the largest Indonesian online community.
Use of the Family Tree section requires a registered account.
Its name is a reference to the legend of Alexander the Great's solution to the Gordian knot.
Google Developers is Google's site for software development tools, application programming interfaces, and technical resources.
Founded by Internet pioneer Larry Organ in 1995, Fastweb is an acronym for Financial aid search through the web.
GeneReviews is an online database containing standardized peer-reviewed articles that describe specific heritable diseases.
The full service has been called "like Instapaper for food" and a "recipe manager for food lovers".
You don't really need a Welsh language Wikipedia, perhaps.
User profiles can also created on PureSolo apps where members can upload a photo, share feedback, follow favourite artists and promote their tracks.
The site was featured in GamesRadar's list of "sites any The Sims 3 player should visit".
Licorize is a social bookmarking website which allows signed-up users to bookmark and tag web-pages and parts of pages' contents.
At this point the two editorial teams were totally integrated.
In 2011, the magazine launched the Asian Film Database, boasting information on over 45,000 films in the Asia-Pacific region.
Durham21.co.uk, or d21 for short, is a defunct independent online newspaper and lifestyle magazine for students from Durham University.
Originally part of Whiskey Media, the website was acquired by CBS Interactive in March 2012.
Say Anything is a political and current events blog created and run by Rob Port of Minot, ND.
More than half of the authors are at the age of 18–25 and the number of male users is two times more than of those females.
LiveJournal was started on April 15, 1999 by American programmer Brad Fitzpatrick as a way of keeping his high school friends updated on his activities.
It was initially aimed for the German-speaking community but has evolved into an international sphere.
This is a list of films released in 2010.
Broken Newz is a founding member of HumorFeed, a community of news satire webmasters.
The company that develops Prezi, also called Prezi, was founded in Budapest, Hungary in 2009, and has additional offices in San Francisco and Mexico City.
The name has been used with the blessing of the Allen Ginsberg Trust.
The film explores the journey of elite athlete, Leah Callahan, a freestyle wrestler with a dream to compete in the Olympic Games.
Since launching on the web, the number of conversations held has exceeded 200 million.
Nintendojo also is indexed in several aggregate sites, including GameRankings and Metacritic.
Urdupoint is 5th most visited website in Pakistan and its global rank is 419.
The new supermarket was expected to be launched in March 1997.
It was described as a dominator in the area of music sites in China by the New York Times.
AOL Seed has been compared to Associated Content, a website with a similar model, now owned by Yahoo.
Plotz had been the deputy editor to Jacob Weisberg, Slate's editor from 2002 until his designation as the Chairman and Editor-in-Chief of The Slate Group.
The main Geograph project is sponsored by Ordnance Survey, and extracts from the OS Landranger 1:50,000 scale maps illustrate the grid square pages.
Hearst Shkulev Digital - initially a network of women's Internet portals.
Waiter Rant won "Best Writing in a Weblog" in the 2007 Bloggie Awards.
Browsing and searching the database was free.
In 2015, the website became involved in a legal case when Elsevier accused it of providing pirate access to articles and books.
It was nominated for a 2006 Webby Award for Best Practices, but lost to Flickr and Google Maps.
It was positively reviewed by cNET on September 12, 2009.
It had nearly 4,000,000 active torrents and about 4,200 torrents added daily, making it the largest torrent site indexer on the web in 2006.
In August 2011, Google Dictionary was discontinued as a separate service, although similar results have been incorporated into the Google search sidebar.
A Motley Vision is an online multi-author blog featuring criticism of the Mormon arts, LDS literature and film in particular.
The founder, known pseudonymously as Jennifer Kelly or JennyQ, has never been publicly identified.
Contributors to Flurb included Terry Bisson, John Kessel, Kim Stanley Robinson, Paul Di Filippo, John Shirley, Charles Stross and Cory Doctorow, as well as Rucker himself.
Users can register on the website and upload hotspot data like GPS coordinates, SSID, MAC address and the encryption type used on the hotspots discovered.
In April 2010, TexAgs gained national attention when a forum member posting as "dermdoc" posted of terminating an employee because of increased costs due to Obamacare.
Airlock Alpha, formerly SyFy Portal, is an entertainment news website focusing on science-fiction, fantasy and comic book television series and films.
Baseball-Reference.com is part of Sports Reference, LLC; according to an article in Street & Smith's Sports Business Journal:
Speedtest.net is a web service that provides free analysis of Internet access performance metrics, such as connection data rate and latency.
In 2014 the database included legal acts of 196 States and cumulatively contained 13 thousand entries.
The domains of interartcenter.net network draw 50 million page views annually by 2009 according to a Compete.com study.
GroundReport's major recent coverage has included the Iranian protests and Haiti earthquake aftermath.
LWN.net is a computing webzine with an emphasis on free software and software for Linux and other Unix-like operating systems.
It was originally announced under the name Duet in May 2001 and launched as PressPlay in December 2001.
It received a 1999 Webby in the "Weird" category, and was one of nine websites featured in the Whitney Museum Biennial in 2000.
Figshare is an online digital repository where researchers can preserve and share their research outputs, including figures, datasets, images, and videos.
Galaxy is a mobile social network presenting an interactive several plataforms.
At times, the original image ends up in the Picklejar section and the updated and improved image takes its place in the main gallery.
When enough signatures on a petition are collected, the creator of the petition can send it towards its intended target, usually by e-mail.
In 5 August 2017, total article crossed 51,766 articles.
Its main sections are Windows, Mac, Linux, Games, Drivers, Mobile, Webscripts, and News.
Ventro merged with a number of related businesses, including Specialty MD and Promedix and engaged in joint ventures with Tenet Healthcare and VWR Scientific.
Prices vary from $29 to $99 per design.
Members of the website have the option of remaining anonymous.
The Udall family is a U.S. political family rooted in the American West.
The associated Acronym Attic website stores a large collection of unverified acronyms.
Light Reading Inc. is a telecommunications industry information company based in New York City.
Codes could also be entered "on the go" by texting them from a cell phone.
In April 2014 the blog had over 132 thousand unique followers on Twitter from Hong Kong to San Francisco.
Although Malkin served as the publisher and CEO of Hot Air, she exercised little editorial control over the site's various commentators.
It was established in the late 1990s and is considered a "top art resource".
The site served as the launching pad for SModcast, Smith's popular comedy podcast.
Hotfile was a one-click file hosting website founded by Hotfile Corp in 2006 in Panama City, Panama.
The Norwegian Electronic Health Library is widely used by health personnel, students, as well as lay people.
The World Digital Library is an international digital library operated by UNESCO and the United States Library of Congress.
The service was formally launched at the 28th Manila International Book Fair in late August of the same year.
Some of these books are also available on HOL in full text.
Backchannel is an online magazine that publishes in-depth stories on technology-related news.
Demand Media discontinued the site in 2014 and it was eventually acquired by Locality LLC and relaunched in December 2015.
The website was originally formed as a joint venture between CNN and Time Warner's Fortune and Money magazines.
In 2011 Niche Media purchased the Online Apple Community Forum which formed the new Consumer Tech Division under Niche Media.
Webkinz was updated in 2015 to Webkinz X, making it more kid friendly.
Users "check into" the shows, movies and sports that they consumed using a website, a mobile website, or a mobile app.
Thrillophilia is an Indian Tours and Activities company headquartered in Bangalore, Karnataka.
The news portion of the site is written by a group of editors who collectively write under the pseudonym "Tyler Durden".
Past clients include Aerosmith, Connecticut Sun, Pfizer, Reebok, Hasbro and the Food Network.
The 2008 edition of The Oxford Encyclopedia of Women in World History described the aesthetic of the devices as disturbing.
The Right Stuff is a dating service in New Jersey, in business since 1993.
Comics & Cola is a comics website focusing on small-press, independent, and self-published comics, featuring previews, interviews, reviews and news.
Sites like Facebook attempt to create a similar effect by exposing their APIs and allowing developers to create applications upon these.
Thaimail was Thailand's first webmail provider, operating from 15 April 1997 to 1 September 2014.
In this same month, all flash games on ijji.com that required no download were closed and removed from the game portal.
Local contents also have a great relevance, with over 8,100 portals, one for each Italian town.
TinyURL is a URL shortening web service, which provides short aliases for redirection of long URLs.
Users can check the data and choose to generate files containing the results of the queries and have these results emailed to them.
According to Alexa Internet, the German domain name was one of the 1,000 most visited websites on the Internet.
InterArtCenter social network is a popular online community for international digital and fine art artists.
The website was run in Polish, however a small part of it was also in English.
Astronomia.pl was a Polish portal about astronomy and space research created in 2001 and worked until 2015.
The majority of titles on the site were of recent vintage, however, with a wide smattering of pre-2000 titles, largely American.
On March 24, 2008 facing further fines for not cooperating with the court, TorrentSpy shut itself down.
The site was the second largest video hosting service in Japan, after Nico Nico Douga.
to foster communities of practices centered on interoperability, reusability and cooperation.
Their sound-to-sound music search engine allows users to obtain more detailed information about music and songs by singing, humming or by recording original music.
Morgan Stanley said in a report in March that the fair value for Tom Online would be HK$1.90 per share.
Cymru Fyw received around 53,000 unique browser visits each week in 2016-2017, which was an increase of 11,000 visits compared to the previous year.
The website does not sell any products directly, but instead allows third party sellers to sell their products.
As a result, DRM has been described as "digital restrictions management" or "digital restrictions mechanisms" by opponents.
In 2013, BrooklynVegan acquired Invisible Oranges, a long-running heavy metal blog.
EGO Magazine [Dec 2003 - Sep 2011] was founded by Ayesha Khanna and headquartered in Manhattan, New York.
Late Labs is a San Francisco based “crowdcoding” startup founded by Justin Johnson and Nathan Ross.
The Washington Post calls Angry Asian Man "a daily must-read for the media-savvy, socially conscious, pop-cultured Asian American."
PakPassion has recorded a peak Alexa ranking within the top 15,000.
Every day hundreds of players from around the world add and update their profile on Player FC safe and secure recruiter searchable database.
The Russian Anonymous Marketplace or RAMP is a Russian language forum with users selling a variety of drugs on the Dark Web.
In August 2014, Crime Library was no longer being updated.
The content of the project is written by registered "Researchers" on its website.
As such it does not host files, but hosts information about the location of these files in an indexed torrent file.
The website also provides rating tools and options to report and track modified solutions that these individuals develop.
It uses the LaTeX library to render equations and symbols, then Sprites to optimize the delivery of images to the page.
It additionally integrated with both Google Maps and Google Wallet for mobile offers.
It hosts a number of resources such as What We Know About Schizophrenia, Animal Models and Drugs in Trials.
A journalist can work with general issues or specialize in certain issues.
In late 2010, most of the administrators that were unhappy with Wikia mandated changes started an independent fork known as Wowpedia.
The Esperanto Wikipedia is the Esperanto edition of Wikipedia, which was started on 11 May 2001, alongside the Basque Wikipedia.
The Nexus Mods network supported 206 games as of October 2015, with a single forum and a wiki for site and mod-related topics.
Nagle and DeSantis later resold RateMyProfessors.com in 2007 to Viacom's mtvU, MTV’s College channel.
The data shows that, while investments can come from funders around the world, distance continues to affect the flow of funding and information.
UrduSky.com is supposed to promote love, peace as well as Urdu language & literature around the world.
Just before serving it is topped with some whipped cream and champagne.
Nyaa Torrents was a BitTorrent website focused on East Asian media.
On 7 January 2011, Fastpoint Games and Sony Online Entertainment announced the alpha launch of the Facebook game Fortune League.
It was created by Seed Media Group in 2006 to enhance the public understanding of science.
In 2015, Incisive Media sold the three properties to Blenheim Chalcot.
Space.com has enjoyed the participation of several key space-related public figures, Neil Armstrong, Alexei Leonov, Eugene A. Cernan, and Thomas Stafford.
PlayDeb is a sister project with an explicit focus on games.
SpotCrime.com is a Baltimore-based company founded in October 2007 and privately owned by ReportSee, Inc.
Getty Designs is the world's latest interior design photo bank.
It has had an influence on Eastern and Western military thinking, business tactics, legal strategy and beyond.
The company has websites in 9 markets and 8 languages, listing over 350,000 boats in approximately 150 countries.
It offers visual, concrete and sound poetry, expanding to include film and sound art mp3 archives.
British Comedy Guide or BCG is a British website covering all forms of British comedy, across all media.
Joyland: A hub for short fiction is a digital platform and print literary journal now known as Joyland Magazine.
Monmouthpedia is a collaborative project linking the online encyclopaedia Wikipedia and the town of Monmouth in South Wales.
UNISTREAM, sometimes written UNISTREAM Bank, is an international money transfer company and bank based in Russia.
It provides financial education workshops and sessions in schools, with a range of lesson plans and resources for teachers.
The Proleksis Encyclopedia is the first Croatian general and national online encyclopedia.
As of 2009, Kidsreads.com had a following of over 350,000 readers each month.
MarineTraffic is an open, community-based project, which provides real-time information on the movements of ships and the current location of ships in harbours and ports.
It first appeared online when the internet became a public resource, making it the oldest still standing and growing website dedicated to photography.
TypePad underwent a major DDoS attack in April 2014 that caused its service to go down for about six days.
Stopping or addressing defamation can be difficult.
At that time the site received bids by phone and charged to transfer their bids to the internet site.
Technorati launched its ad network in 2008, and is currently one of the largest ad networks reaching more than 100 million unique visitors per month.
The database is automatically cross referenced by the software between items, non-player characters and zones or dungeons.
Bandmix.com is an online network for connecting local musicians and bands.
Users may vote on news items, post comments, or search for news by keyword, country, and username.
As of June 2017, the channel has earned over 25 million subscribers and 1.1 billion video views.
The site features video content focusing on video game related trivia and facts, hosted on video game entertainment website NormalBoots.com, covering various franchises.
He also deals irreverently to people's serious medical conditions such as psoriasis and anorexia.
It was replaced by Outlook.com in 2013.
In the end, Virgil Griffith says he had to take wikiscanner.gr down, as it was costing him "several thousand USD per month."
Because of this, HerpMapper does not share point-location information publicly because of over-collection and poaching concerns.
It went offline in June 2016, reportedly due to index spam.
It also covers technology and science topics from both external and in-house sources, and it provides software and game reviews.
It is governed by Distributed Computing Technologies, Incorporated, a non-profit organization under U.S. tax code 501(c)(3).
The site was one of the initial launch partners for the .scot top-level domain.
The Free Hugs Campaign is a social movement involving individuals who offer hugs to strangers in public places.
On top of providing free maps for personal use, the website also offers a variety of ad-supported services.
According to a 2013 study by the Oxford Internet Institute, Ségolène Royal and unidentified flying object were the most controversial articles on the French Wikipedia.
In October 2011, Edline merged with Blackboard.
Under the pen name Yves Smith, Susan Webber, the principal of Aurora Advisors Incorporated and author of ECONned, launched the site in December 2006.
Notifications are sent via email, but all data transmission is protected using SSL encryption.
Qantara.de has been selected by Britannica's editors as a Web's BestSite.
Total Entertainment Network was eventually purchased by Pogo.com and official support and development for Dark Sun Online was ceased.
On June 1, 2017, Delicious was acquired by Pinboard, and the service will be discontinued in favor of Pinboard's paid subscription-based service.
The company offers a free membership as well as a paid, premium membership and frequently uses celebrities in its English lesson videos.
J-Comi is a Japanese website that distributes out of print manga and doujinshi as DRM-free ebooks, with the permission of the authors and supported by advertising.
The editorial team also includes Reviews Editor Eddie Tay.
Its development, derived from early versions of basketball, began in England in the 1890s.
Me2DAY had an open API and most of the applications built around it added entertainment benefits to the site.
It aims to appeal to collectors from all over the world, whatever their interests or experience.
KidsReads.com is a website, designed for children aged 6–12, containing information about children's books and authors, and some related games.
This Wikipedia contains 386,719 articles, 1,777 active users, and 26 administrators.
Its honorary chairman 2010–2013 was Sir John Tusa, former managing director of the BBC World Service and Barbican Arts Centre.
The server that hosts odnoklassniki.ru is located in Moscow, Russian Federation.
It is based in Los Angeles, California.
UA-Football is a popular Ukrainian internet football periodical that was founded on July 12, 2002.
My Coke Rewards is a defunct customer loyalty marketing program for The Coca-Cola Company.
The Spirit of Metal webzine is an online collection of bands from Heavy Metal and its subgenres.
The company does not take a cut of deals or charge any additional fees.
It aims to expand non-English and non-western content on the Internet, and contribute to scholarly research.
According to a survey by marketing blog MarketingFacts.nl, Retecool is currently the fourth largest weblog in the Netherlands.
Its accuracy has been criticized and ridiculed on several occasions.
He introduces Rockefeller as his "shareholder, partner, and inspiration."
In February 2011, the German artist Bela B recorded the double cd Exit Mundi, with ten scenarios from the German translation of Exit Mundi.
The site has not been updated since the 2013 Academy Awards.
This innovative music studio was founded in 2006 by Sean Moeller.
Listing items on Huuto.net is free of charge.
Started in May 2001, it reached 100,000 articles on March 8, 2006 and 1,000,000 articles on May 16, 2013.
11 of these had been on ScienceBlogs since 2006.
Infoseek was originally operated by the Infoseek Corporation, headquartered in Sunnyvale, California.
The word "Debka" refers to an Arab folk dance.
The company said that such apps will however continue to be supported and maintained on Chrome OS "for the foreseeable future".
Listography is a series of journals created by Lisa Nola and published by Chronicle Books.
The Xhosa Wikipedia is the Xhosa language edition of Wikipedia.
Film School Rejects is an English-language blog devoted to movie reviews, interviews, film industry news and feature commentary.
GTPlanet was originally created as an MSN group in 2000 by Jordan Greer.
The company was founded in 2007 by Indian Institute of Technology graduates with a focus on personalisation of gift items.
It has a high quality standard for contributors and as of May 2014 has 15,000 contributors and more than 3 million visitors.
chess24 provides live coverage of major international tournaments, including the 2014 Chess Olympiad and 2015 Tata Steel Chess Tournament.
The website generated controversy in 2010, when it experimentally prevented readers who used advertisement-blocking software from viewing the site.
Google acquired Aardvark for $50 million on February 11, 2010.
Founding members include BASF, Bayer CropScience, Dow AgroSciences, DuPont, Monsanto Company and Syngenta.
Felicia Palmer and Steven Samuel founded the website in 1996.
Day-to-day site operations are maintained by a small team of volunteer staff members, performing tasks such as server administration, site updates and archive maintenance.
The agent component needs to be installed on each server and the gateway needs to be installed in the same computer network.
Certain narrative details were changed between the various adaptations.
Annually, it organizes RedState gatherings for grassroots political activism which feature many prominent public figures in conservative politics.
Photos can be added to any observation and eButterfly supports life lists and photo libraries for users.
The magazine publishes poetry, fiction, non-fiction, as well as artwork in each annual issue.
It is the successor to the former MTV Music website in the United States, which was merged into MTV Hive as of January 2012.
The resource includes over 2,000 images from over 200 artists.
In 2010, The Frisky had more than 2 million average monthly readers making it one of the leading woman’s interest sites in the United States.
On 12 June 2012 it was announced that HMV had sold its interest to UK supermarket company Sainsbury's for £1.
Currently, its traffic ranking in India is 34,887 as of 30 December 2016.
On 1 July 2012, the service was abruptly terminated without any announcement from its owners.
It is a part of the PlayStation Network and was launched on June 11, 2007.
The site was the idea of famed manga artist Ken Akamatsu, officially established on January 25, 2008.
By December 2012 Open J-Gate had been defaulting to a bare "404 not found" message for over a month.
TexAgs was created by Peter Kuo in May 1997 and sold to its current operators in December 1999.
Ray died in 2015 at the age of 87.
The CSS Zen Garden is a World Wide Web development resource.
It was available in German until April 2016.
The site was offering users a way to retrieve their usage data via email.
A goal of the project is to encourage artists to release tracks under a free license, and allow users to download or purchase these tracks.
WiZeefa is a search engine for careers throughout the Middle East.
VeryCD is a Chinese website that shares files via eD2k links.
It is the fourth game in the Mega Man Battle Network series.
In 2005 the site was listed among the "top 101 websites" by PC Magazine, and won a Blogger's Choice Award.
The range of topics varied widely from precise locations, music bands or species to countries and famous people.
Matches which end in a draw or in your victory give you money and points.
The word “aNobii” comes from Anobium Punctatum, the Latin name for the most common bookworm.
Founded by film director Jamie King, VODO has recently focused on bundle offers, bringing together a variety of creators under the themes of H.P.
Songza offered playlists for activities such as waking up, working out, commuting, concentrating, unwinding, entertaining, and sleeping.
Cellufun, briefly known as Tylted, is a social gaming community accessible from any mobile device, from the latest smartphones and tablets to the smallest feature phones.
Popular Science Predictions Exchange was an online virtual prediction market run as part of the Popular Science website.
Epinions was acquired by Shopping.com in 2003, which in turn was acquired by eBay in 2005.
The majority of the posts on the site were authored by its founding bloggers, though many posts were also authored by "regular contributors."
Originally known as MX BookFinder, it was relaunched as BookFinder.com in 1998 and established as a standalone company based in Berkeley, California in 1999.
It also includes add-in integration, Skype on the web, and alerts as well as unified themes that span across all the web apps.
Google Map Maker is a discontinued mapping and map editing service launched by Google in June 2008.
The Shopcade mobile application offers over 100 million products and 100,000 brands.
AllMovie is an online guide service website with information about films, television programs, and screen actors.
The website's interface attempts to emulate that of a normal desktop application.
Lloyd originally curated all of the submissions to the site, but since 2002 submissions are judged by a panel of community members for quality and originality.
Blokely is a men’s lifestyle pure play website based in the UK.
It originally sought to help users find classmates and colleagues from kindergarten, primary school, high school, college, workplaces, and the U.S. military.
Pipilika is a web search engine operated from Sylhet, Bangladesh.
In September 2013 Swisher and Mossberg failed to renew their agreement with Dow Jones.
In 2008, the project was expanded to include more languages thanks to a $85,480 grant from the U.S. Department of Education.
MixBrasil is also a publishing house, responsible for Junior, lifestyle gay magazine.
The Vietnamese Wikipedia is the Vietnamese-language edition of Wikipedia, a free, publicly editable, online encyclopedia supported by the Wikimedia Foundation.
A cease and desist order on the use of the confusingly similar magazine name and website domain MobileMagazine.com was sent to Future Network USA.
Benner died of melanoma in June 1990, aged 44; however, a community of TAPCIS users continue to maintain their own website.
Events in aviation have been reported from Jun 19th 1999 up to the present.
Mat Watson and Rebecca Jackson have been previous presenters.
The aim, as is mentioned in the About Page, is to explain all concepts and issues related to knowing Twelver Shia.
Sharma bought NewsX under the umbrella of his ITV network in 2012.
Nerve or Nerve.com is an American online magazine dedicated to sexual topics, relationships and culture.
This is the best course of action for everyone involved.
The site was praised by Boing Boing, The Wall Street Journal, and Business Week.
It began operations on January 1, 1973, but can trace its roots to Seattle Transit, founded in 1939, and Overlake Transit Service, founded in 1927.
To date, it is one of the oldest remaining video game review and news site on the internet.
The album was leaked online on 14 September 2009.
The legality of Grooveshark's business model, which permitted users to upload copyrighted music, remains undetermined.
Ali Hogg is an Australian LGBTI activist, based in Melbourne, Victoria.
Under Espuelas' leadership, StarMedia launched a massive marketing effort to attract the very first Internet users, advertisers and e-commerce companies across the Latin world.
It is based in New York City.
The website is an example of vertical search.
It regularly features coverage of new products and technologies from vendors including Intel, Dell, AMD and NVIDIA.
In 2003, the site was rated 8th most influential by Brendan Nyhan for Online Journalism Review.
Bitzi was sponsored by a metadata publishing company of the same name based in San Francisco.
Byron Shire Echo, based in Byron Bay, New South Wales, Australia
The paid service allows the user to create a home page, such as page.angelfire.com/ as well as create subdirectories, such as page.angelfire.com/newpage/.
The service is available on its website, on Android and iOS apps.
Investments are shared without dollar amounts, only percentages.
The Raw Story describes itself as progressive, bringing attention to stories that it sees as downplayed or ignored by other media outlets.
"Chaturbate" is a portmanteau of "chat" and "masturbate".
A similar site in Japan is the Yomiuri Shimbun's Hatsugen Komachi.
The VroniPlag Wiki is a wiki started 28 March 2011 at Wikia that examines and documents the extent of plagiarism in German doctoral theses.
Though the website was founded and is based in New York City, it now serves airports and enthusiasts far beyond the New York City limits.
Launched in June 2009, it is the successor magazine to Nextbook.
As of August 2017, it has about 183,000 articles.
Users are able to find movies based on search terms including titles, actors, genres, or cinema names.
It was founded in 2002 by Darren Morgenstern, with the slogan: "Life is short.
The publication covers Singapore, Asian and international entertainment and lifestyle news, both for consumer and insider audiences.
The main purpose of kernel.org is to host repositories used by Linux kernel developers and maintainers of various Linux distributions.
The methods of teaching or the program and theories followed vary according to schools and field of study.
Above the Law is a news website about law, law schools, and the legal profession.
Outlook.com follows Microsoft's Metro design-language, closely mimicking the interface of Microsoft Outlook.
Louder was acquired by change.org on 29 October 2015.
The Real News has offices in Baltimore, Toronto and Moscow.
On connectivity front, it has GPRS, 3G, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, and micro USB.
On May 15, 2008, BookRags was bought by Ambassadors Group for $18 million.
Members can also write and upload their own articles and code for other visitors to view.
In August 2011 it was reported to have 4 million visits per month from Poles.
As of August 2016, Ask Ubuntu has about 373,000 registered users and more than 239,000 questions.
The website is intended for Design engineers and Electronics purchasing agents.
Begun on August 14, 1991, arXiv.org passed the half-million article milestone on October 3, 2008, and hit a million by the end of 2014.
"After nine passionate and beautiful years of sharing the most amazing concert recordings with you, Fabchannel is stopping.
StuRents.com is a dedicated student property search engine and tenancy management platform, operating across the UK.
Their legs were straight, the soles of their feet like the hooves of a bull, gleaming like polished brass.
There are also many pieces for voice, and various other musical instruments.
Each user designs a character which they can move between planets, created by users according to their interests.
Each issue was published in a number of languages and was distributed free.
The channel broadcast for 24 hours per day, and broadcast entertainment news and reviews on similar genres to the web site.
One Kings Lane is a home decor business that operates a furniture and home accessories sales website.
It also provides a community area for numerous distinct communities within those industries.
MacroView, the company that developed the site, was founded by CEO Andrew Weinreich and was based in New York City.
TheSword.com is a gay news and lifestyle website for coverage of the gay adult industry.
Major domestic leagues in the sport include the Netball Superleague in Great Britain, Suncorp Super Netball in Australia and the ANZ Premiership in New Zealand.
for Office Max's holiday season advertising campaign.
io9 is a blog launched in 2008 by Gawker Media, which focuses on the subjects of science fiction, fantasy, futurism, science, technology and related areas.
The site provides live chat with friends on Facebook and Frienditeplus.
In June 2011 Google introduced "Google Voice Search" to search for spoken, rather than typed, words.
Anyone with an internet connection can view the movie and talent pages of IMDb.
As of February 2010, ex.plode.us no longer exists.
The Week in Chess is one of the first, if not the first, Internet-based chess news services.
Headsets.com is a San Francisco based ecommerce business founded by Mike Faith in 1997.
Investopedia is a privately owned for-profit American website based in New York City that focuses on investing education and financial news.
Fastpoint Games was a developer of data-driven games for businesses in the fortune 500, and was the parent company of fantasy sports developer, RotoHog.
The subject matter ranges from pop culture and fashion to adolescent social issues and feminism.
It publishes various blogs which analyze the mass media industry, including the film and the publishing industries.
The portfolio focuses on mid-core games spanning a wide range of genres.
In October 2011, Kaixin001 won a victory.
The ability to access the large catalogue of music stored on the site was later removed entirely, replaced by links to YouTube and Spotify where available.
Beyond that it also searches open access and digital media search engines and catalogs.
Tech ARP, is a Malaysian technology news and information website created by Adrian Wong in 1997.
It has since added new services such as "Knowledge Search", launched in 2002.
The Estonian Wikipedia is the Estonian version of Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia, started on 24 July 2002.
The site's "About" page claimed "And, in 2017, Screener will proudly welcome the revival of Television Without Pity, with an unexpected twist."
Uhthoff specialized in the study of ophthalmological disorders that were related to the central nervous system.
The blog has been called "refreshingly insightful, honest and unrestrained" by the Swazi Nation Magazine and "very outspoken, comprehensive, and widely read" by Pambazuka News.
Its services include a web portal and dial-up Internet access that was launched in 1999.
The project was started on November 13, 2003 as an Alsatian language edition.
Edited by "anarcho-libertarians, tax rebels, Eurosceptics, and Wildean individualists", Samizdata is one of the UK's oldest blogs.
Cheap Ass Gamer or "CAG" has over 700,000 visitors per month and serves over 10 million pages.
ArchDaily is a weblog covering architectural news, projects, products, events, interviews and competitions, opinion pieces, among others, catering to architects, designers and other interested parties.
In 2009, an anthology of Schuman's favourite shots from around the world was published as a book entitled The Sartorialist.
Stage6 was different from other video services in that it streamed high quality video clips that were user-encoded with DivX and Xvid video codecs.
The site comprehensively covers all of the cases argued before the Court and maintains an archive of the briefing and other documents in each case.
Headwords also have translation equivalents in various national languages.
Gumtree.com, known as Gumtree, is a British online classifieds and community website.
RW was ranked #10 in the Techmeme leaderboards as of October 9, 2010.
In response to the fan site's outreach, ClutchFans has received access to Houston Rockets players and personnel as a member of the press.
All current Sputnik tests have been incorporated into ECMA's Test262 test suite.
DealsPlus’ Twitter feed was listed by Time as one of the best Twitter feeds to follow in 2011.
The Acer Veriton models N260G, N270G, N281G and N282G are using the same small form factor case and partly identical hardware as the AspireRevo.
Davis left the site in November 1995, but it continued to thrive.
During the 1990s, Intel invested heavily in new microprocessor designs fostering the rapid growth of the computer industry.
Istorrent is an Icelandic Internet community devoted to BitTorrent file sharing.
Crime Library was a website documenting major crimes, criminals, trials, forensics, and criminal profiling from books.
Its focus is primarily on single-gene disorders, providing current disorder-specific information on diagnosis, management, and genetic counseling.
FINS publishes a daily newsletter called the Morning Coffee.
Established in November 2002, BlogCN is the first free blog hosting service provider in China.
In May 2012, TAXI received a mention in Forbes's 'The Top Five Sites for Keeping Up With Creativity and Design'.
It also serves as a directory for professional services related to G Suite.
It was set up by Johan Vosmeijer, Pim Betist, and Dagmar Heijmans in August 2006.
Users can further refine their stations by rating songs and artists in their feed to play less or more frequently.
You lead your avatar, a sumo, to victory by answering challenges or by sending them.
The technical platform was created by Hewlett Packard, as part of the HP Labs' Digital Media Systems research programme.
The Zaydi Mutawakkilite Kingdom of Yemen was established after World War I in North Yemen before the creation of the Yemen Arab Republic in 1962.
The site was founded by John Casasanta, Phillip Ryu, and Scott Meinzer.
In December 2013 the site was used to launder a part of the 96,000 BTC from the robbery of Sheep Marketplace.
On October 10, 2014, the website's URL was redirected to Amazon's IMDB.com website for one day, but the website returned the following day without explanation.
NeoGAF, formerly known as the Gaming-Age Forums, is an internet forum that discusses video games, founded as an adjunct to Gaming-Age, a video game news website.
Alluc does not host any content itself.
Space.com was founded by former CNN anchor Lou Dobbs and Rich Zahradnik, in July 1999.
Integrated into the website is an image hosting section similar to Wikimedia Commons that includes firearm photos, manufacturer logos, screenshots and related art.
It may be goal-oriented and may be aided by motivation.
At the 2015 XBIZ Awards', presented by Fleshlight and sponsored by Cam4 and Epoch, Flirt4Free was awarded best "Affiliate Program of the Year-Live Cam".
It was the 2004 winner of the Webby Award in the Youth category.
Launched by eBay in April 2013, iBazar aims to provide a free online classifieds network for the Mexican population.
Much of their comedy is influenced by features of video game, nerd, internet and popular culture.
Sister projects include Manuscript documentation, Sources, Collaborative books, forums, Blogsphere, E-mail accounts, Video/Audio library.
The creators describe the website as an attempt to retain pieces of history that might otherwise be lost with the destruction of these malls.
Let Simon Decide was an online decision-making system based on decision science that uses complex algorithms and a personality test to help people make decisions.
Owned and written by Zainab Akhtar, the site was nominated in 2014 for an Eisner Award.
CarDomain.com is an online community site for car enthusiasts.
if(we) is a social and mobile technology company based in San Francisco, CA.
New scores are digitally typeset with GNU LilyPond and distributed in the following formats:
It was included among the "Five great physics blogs" by The Guardian.
These awards are based on the votes of Code Project members and editors, reflecting which companies and products application developers value most.
The Useless Web, received coverage in The New York Times and Wired magazine.
In some cases, users suspected of illegally copying media are refused help on the forums.
On February 18, 2008, all Syrian ISPs blocked domestic access to the site and its alternate URL www.news-sy.com.
In general, archives consist of records that have been selected for permanent or long-term preservation on grounds of their enduring cultural, historical, or evidentiary value.
Microsoft Pinpoint is a searchable online directory of software applications and professional services based on Microsoft technologies.
The website was launched in response to a settlement with the state of New Jersey, following a lawsuit against eHarmony for discrimination against same-sex couples.
On November 30, 2006 Danny Sullivan left Search Engine Watch, after his resignation announcement on August 29, 2006.
Members must be 13 to 17 on the teenage side and 18+ for the adult side.
China Internet Information Center is a web portal authorized by the People's Republic of China.
Occasionally during the television season the blog also discusses the television drama Lost.
Pinboard is a social bookmarking website developed and run by Maciej Cegłowski.
Groklaw was a website that covered legal news of interest to the free and open source software community.
Ixquick is developing a privacy protecting email service, called StartMail.
The forums were About Movie Tome, In Theaters, On Video, In The Art House, Classic Movies and The Movie Industry.
Microsoft has announced plans to expand Pinpoint to most major markets worldwide by the end of 2010.
In addition, the blog aimed to help elect other Democrats in Virginia, while promoting progressive causes and values.
Each member is hand-picked out of thousands that apply to join, their blogs evaluated over an extended period of time with regard to quality.
The Slovak Wikipedia is the edition of Wikipedia in the Slovak language.
The site also includes links to recent software releases and developers' weblog postings.
In 2010, a year after Connectnigeria’s launch, it was nominated for the Best Team by the Nigerian Future Awards.
The categories include News where up-to-date royal news and events are posted as quick links to the content.
Blackbird Technologies is a startup that developed AI software used for shopping context - search applications.
Yemen is a developing country, and the poorest country in the Middle East.
It is maintained by the University of California.
Video content ranged from conference recordings, to interviews, documentaries, webinars, and tutorials.
The website used spaced repetition algorithms to assist users in committing facts to long term memory and increasing learning speed.
Digital Mission to New York, 14–19 September 2009
It included a media section and a discussion forum.
The order of search on Google's search-results pages is based, in part, on a priority rank called a "PageRank".
Getty Designs is an image website, web services suite, and online community platform.
It covers works and media in Chinese and in foreign languages.
This article is about the javablackbelt community website, not about the similarly named company branch.
Adult FriendFinder is an internet-based, adult-oriented social network, online dating service and swinger personals community website, founded by Andrew Conru in 1996.
It works on iPhone, iPad, Windows Phone, Windows 8, BlackBerry, Android and other hand-held devices as well as desktop computers.
BugGuide is a website and online community of naturalists, both amateur and professional, who share observations of insects, spiders, and other related creatures.
He bills the site as "Where COPS Meets SportsCenter".
The site first started out as a talent calculator for the game.
Screen Anarchy, previously known as Twitch Film or Twitch, is a Canadian English-language website featuring news and reviews of mainly international, independent and cult films.
The ISPs stated that "this is a one time action, because the publication has infringed our sense of ethics".
There are 13 million registered Meez users, 90% of which are in the United States.
The PostScript language and the X Window System protocol were landmark developments in the field.
The Google Books Library Project, which scans works in the collections of library partners and adds them to the digital inventory, was announced in December 2004.
At the end of 2014, Lez Get Real shut down due to a combination of financial reasons and burn out among the remaining writers.
It places young people at paid positions with startup companies.
Screen, placing a larger focus on original content and web series.
On 24 January 2011, the confirmed cuts of 25% were announced leaving a £34 million shortfall.
EQ Music Blog is an independent British music website and blog founded by American digital and music enthusiast Raj Rudolph.
DMOZ was a multilingual open-content directory of World Wide Web links.
It was founded by Benjamin Cohen in 2005 and covers politics, religion, entertainment, finance, and community news for the LGBT community in the UK and worldwide.
In an October 2008 interview with SheWired.com, Michael spoke about the creation of Dlisted.
It allows members to browse the profiles of any other members, and share tags and virtual gifts.
He played trumpet and went to his first jazz concert when he was eight.
It is not necessary to register with Yahoo!
In December 2016, the service re-located its servers to Russia, and in April 2017, LiveJournal changed its terms of service to conform to Russian law.
The website simulcasts NBC Weather Plus online.
The Daily Currant is an American satirical news blog that focuses on politics, technology, and entertainment.
Like Baidu itself, the knows is heavily self-censored in line with government regulations.
Agora Spółka Akcyjna or Agora SA is a Polish media company.
The information uploaded to the platform is freely available to be read.
Due to the last minute nature of the bookings, the app can offer deep discounts off the listed hotel rate.
There is a timeline view available, to select news from various years.
In 2013, Apple released a new OS X version and iWork for iCloud, a set of cross-platform web applications replicating the native software versions.
PKR was founded by Jez San and launched in June 2006.
The website became massively popular in the aftermath of the presidential elections, leading some Bush supporters to create spinoffs to express they were not sorry.
Internet.com then integrated it into its e-commerce/marketing channel, which included properties like Ad Resource, ChannelSeven.com, and Internet Advertising Report.
The Occitan Wikipedia is the Occitan language version of Wikipedia.
The website has won two Cybersocket Web Awards.
It was launched in June 2012 by Eman Haylooz and Tamim Al Manaseer.
The company, which originated as a newsletter published by owner John Hansen, entered its 17th year in business in 2011.
http://irrepressible.info irrepressible.info allowed users to republish excerpts of allegedly censored sites on their websites.
The content is collated from over 100 different sources.
It was accessible to subscribers of Telewest cable television.
The website is headed by former Clinton staffer Peter Daou.
WikEM initially started as a database created from notes and checklists passed from resident class to subsequent resident class at the Harbor-UCLA emergency medicine residency program.
Shareholders include the 6th AP Fund and IQUBE.
Content includes direct translations, articles that are shortened or fitted with additional context, and in-house productions summarizing current world affairs.
Researchers can post their research projects to solicit pledges.
The main product offering on G2A.COM is game key codes to such platforms as Steam, Origin and Xbox.
It's annoying, appalling and sometimes even dangerous.
This share has gradually declined from more than 50 percent in 2003, due to the growth of Wikipedias in other languages.
This Web 2.0 site differs from many other pornographic websites in that it is completely free and ad-supported.
YouNow bought live streaming company BlogTV.com in 2013, user accounts being merged into YouNow.
It had been centered on casual games, but after a redesign in 2014, the site changed direction to primarily highlight mobile games.
Doodle interacts with various external calendaring systems, such as IBM Lotus Notes.
On March 1, 2012, the two sites merged userbases and works.
With more than 18,500 word entries it is one of the most extensive Low Saxon online dictionaries.
Community Funded focuses on systemic integration of crowdfunding platforms, allowing for Universities and other organizations to integrate the Community Funded crowdfunding tools into their own website.
The website is widely used within the film industry as a source of data.
Outlook.com is a web-based suite of webmail, contacts, tasks, and calendaring services from Microsoft.
It was designed to be a Christian version of the Internet Movie Database.
In early 2006, the head of the Frikipedia decided to close the site after a complaint by the SGAE.
After the Lez Get Real hoax was revealed, reaction from the lesbian community was negative.
Ingredient-flavor networks are networks describing the sharing of flavor compounds of culinary ingredients.
In 2011, Turntable Kitchen launched a monthly subscription service called the Pairings Box.
As of 29 December 2016, edX has around 10 million students taking more than 1,270 courses online.
With more than 200,000 registered members, it is one of the most active Linux forums and free software community sites on the Internet.
The platform offers three types of campaigns for investment - equity, funds and convertible equity campaigns.
This freedom of movement enables “conversational presenting,” a presentation style in which presentations follow the flow of dialogue, instead of vice-versa.
Its web platform provides a new article with three questions each day for the users.
The company was founded by Sridhar Vembu and Tony Thomas in 1996, and has development offices in India.
India.gov.in has sections for people living abroad, business persons, government employees, senior citizens and children.
The office was relocated to Munich, Germany.
Murray has produced over 100 paintings since 2013.
It cleared the 15,000-article mark in September 2005 and the 50,000-article mark in August 2006 and the 100,000 article mark in August 2008.
The most commonly used tags on the blog are advertising, architecture and graphic design.
Currently, Ukrainian Wikipedia has 710,410 articles and is the 16th largest Wikipedia edition.
The purpose of this was to alleviate the social threads on MTS, so MTS could focus on modifying the game.
NoFap is a website and community forum that serves as a support group for those who wish to avoid pornography, masturbation, and/or sexual intercourse.
The Tehran Times is a fashion blog that was founded 2012 by Araz Fazaeli and is considered the first street fashion blog of Iran.
Galaxy is owned and operated by Mobstudio.
Bravofly is available in 14 languages and is present in internationally.
As the descriptive terms can be freely chosen, the assignment of tags from different users creates a spontaneous, uncontrolled vocabulary: a folksonomy.
According to the website, "Each day a different image or photograph of our universe is featured, along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer."
In addition to commercial titles, the site contained a small number of 'freeware' titles.
TAXI also publishes articles at the website of Asian Correspondent.
This was done to counteract FRA, which started listening to internet traffic over the Swedish borders on December 1.
These texts were written from oral tradition by respected "ethnographers who were known for their careful and respectful approach to the people they studied."
See’n’Report empowers the average person to report pictures and videos of events they witness as they happen.
Efinancialcareers.com is a targeted career resource and employment website from The Wall Street Journal.
The West Frisian Wikipedia is the West Frisian-language edition of the free online encyclopedia, Wikipedia.
RealClimate was launched on 10 December 2004 by nine climate scientists.
Established in 2007, the Brooklyn, New York-based website quickly became respected by the science and environmental community for its coverage of environmental issues.
BuyTigers.com is a satirical website which claims to sell tigers online and ship them worldwide.
Updated throughout the campaign, visitors can see who is "ahead" at any time.
eConozco enables professional networking for the Hispanic community worldwide.
It published articles on culture, fashion, design, travel & entertainment.
Cam users can earn money by being "tipped" with tokens and 20 tokens are worth $1.
The Chortle awards were set up in 2002 by the comedy website Chortle to honour the best of established stand-up comics currently working in the UK.
Bing Health is a health-related search service as part of Microsoft's Bing search engine.
SIKART is a biographical dictionary and a database on visual art in Switzerland and Liechtenstein.
The website broke the story of The Stone Roses reformation and was a supporter of the Justice Tonight for the 96 Hillsborough tour.
The political satire follows the heads of state of Latin America and Spain who are stranded on an island.
As most services of this kind, Google provides an incentive system to motivate people to answer questions.
It is considered worldwide as a leader in regard to the level of standardization and therefore, ease of comparison, of plastics properties.
eRepublik is programmed in PHP using Symfony framework, and runs in most modern browsers.
As of mid-2016, Google’s search engine has begun to rely on these deep neural networks.
Missing species or bugs can be reported on the forum.
Drop.io was an online file sharing service.
Sarawak Report continued to reach the Malaysian public through Medium.com, but that was also blocked in January 2016.
Unlike standard digital distribution, Jumboplay applied streaming technology during distribution, allowing users to begin play without needing to download the complete game.
Some remaining alternatives to Google Moderator are Kiunei, Loomio, Mentimeter, Pigeonhole Live, Poll Everywhere, and Sli.do
The Superficial was a part of Anticlown Media, along with other sites such as IWatchStuff.com and Geekologie.com.
In 2008 and 2009, Flirt4Free won XBIZ Awards' Live Video Chat of the Year category.
The Complete Index to World Film is an online database of information related to movies.
Gallifrey Base is an Internet forum dedicated to discussion of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
The company is based in Los Angeles, CA.
The author and owner of the Internet portal Klix is the web development company InterSoft d.o.o.
The site is non-partisan and focusses on UK opinion polling, psephology, and statistical analysis.
The states of Kansas, Maine and South Dakota do not participate in the VINE system.
It also produced a well-received video in 2012 that parodied the television series The Walking Dead.
News feeds from those companies are published on the website.
The portal Swiss-science.org was maintained by the Swiss Confederation and the company Science Com.
On August 25, 2015, CEO Jeffrey Hurant and six others were arrested at Rentboy.com headquarters.
HUP hosts the HupWiki, which is the most important wiki about free software and *NIX systems in Hungary.
Comment threads often included hints and walkthroughs.
The project was founded in 2003 as a pilot project with over 1,000 unique entries for the German language.
Sanger left in late 2006 to launch Citizendium.
While The Rainforest Site is not a non-profit website, it claims that 100% of money raised through ad revenue is donated directly to charities.
ProEthics, Ltd., an ethics training and consulting firm, named Whosarat.com its Unethical Website of the Month for August, 2004.
Yahoo closed down the network in 2008.
The site is based in the Netherlands.
It is said to encompass more than 600 million books and serial publications.
The objective is to provide a single window access to the information and services such as passport, driving licenses, company registration etc.
Nowlive™ was originally launched in 2007, as a consumer broadcast platform.
Hagada Hasmalit features articles and commentary by Jewish Israelis, Arab Israelis, and Palestinians from an anti-Zionist, Marxist or anarchist perspective.
Companies can respond to issues regarding their products or services; official responses are marked as official answers to separate them from other responses.
She is a former member of the American Library Association Council, and was a moderator on MetaFilter.
During 2001, he settled on his final title, noting, "Decided to change the name of the site to Don Markstein's Toonopedia, rather than Cartoonopedia.
It allowed shared development of open source software.
Polyvore opened an office in New York City in August 2012.
Publons' mission is to "speed up science by harnessing the power of peer review".
Somalia Report provides local news with exclusive insider coverage of piracy, al Shaabab, clandestine operations, back room politics along with in-depth analysis.
The website has since expanded to include maps in Malaysia and Indonesia.
Mayo Echo, a controversial free, weekly tabloid newspaper circulated in County Mayo, Ireland, during the 2000s
Pixiv aims to provide a place for artists to exhibit their illustrations and get feedback via a rating system and user comments.
It is easily accessible not only through the EuroparlTV website, but also through social media - Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.
Scripps Company for $35 million on January 1, 2014.
A range of different weather information is available, as different pages, under the following headings.
In November 2010, the company raised $200,000 in funding from angel investors, and in June 2012 LinguaLeo received $3 million from Runa Capital.
As of May 2015, it had the second-highest share of the online mapping market in the United States, second only to Google Maps.
Editors have included Kent Brewster, Susan Fry, and Denise Lee.
Essence magazine has dubbed it "the CNN of hip-hop".
The Unsigned Band Web offers extensive song charts for all genres of music.
The site allowed users to upload images, videos and audio files, post blog entries and create playlists.
Writing Children's Books for Dummies commented, "Online reviews such as New York Journal of Books .. play a big role for book consumers".
The aim of the website was to sell all of the pixels in the image, thus generating a million dollars of income for the creator.
According to anarchist librarian Chuck Munson, the library was begun as Spunk Press in 1992.
It is recognized by the SFWA as a Qualifying Short Fiction Venue.
The social networking site, if(we), formerly known as Tagged, purchased hi5 in December 2011, for an undisclosed sum and operates it today.
It is also possible for users to search for news of their special interest.
Devices shown on the site were created with the intent to bring women authentic orgasms.
Other sites in the Disney Interactive Family group include Babble.com, DisneyBaby.com and BabyZone.com.
They said its theme was the conflict between a generation of young people and the value system of advertising.
At the 2006 census, Wakool had a population of 213.
Michael Arrington wrote in April 2011 that Tagged is most notable for the ability to grow profitably during the era of Facebook.
In the same month, the company changed its signature tagline from "Life is Short.
itsmy was a mobile social gaming network that allowed users to communicate with each other while playing games.
For most wilderness areas, a library of photographs is also provided.
Baidu Baike is similar to Wikipedia as an online encyclopedia; however, unlike Wikipedia, only registered users can edit the articles due to Chinese laws.
In 2009 former New Hampshire Republican State Committee political director Tom DeRosa founded RedHampshire, an attempt to replicate Blue Hampshire's success in a conservative site.
The advertised goods are so rare that the website has received regular coverage by other websites, print magazines and TV Stations.
hearitfirst.com is an online listening post for Christian music.
It gained significant readership following the September 11 attacks in 2001.
Initially there were a limited number of new seller accounts available; new sellers had to purchase an account in an auction.
A panel of reviewers draw up a shortlist, which is presented for public vote at the Chortle website.
Curtis says the stories are selected without intentional political bias, but that he tries to run both far-left and far-right articles.
In addition to providing abstracts on a wide range of pet health topics, users can search the site for symptoms, veterinarians, breeds and pet sitters.
Some of these websites, such as WikiDoc and Radiopaedia, are editable by anyone, while others, such as Ganfyd, restrict editing access to professionals.
Ceriwis is an Indonesian World Wide Web portal and forum.
Current Rdio subscribers were given US$25 in credit to spend on Vdio.
Newsarama is an American website that publishes news, interviews, and essays about the American comic book industry.
It is designed to allow those in the educational industry, particularly teachers, to share educational resources such as video, audio, documents, photos, groups and blogs.
The company operates as an incubator of new social technology and apps seeking to find the next big thing.
Southeast European Times was a United States European Command-sponsored news website dedicated to coverage of Southeast Europe that ended publication in March 2015.
On 6 February 2006 Getmetickets.net was wound up in the public interest by the Insolvency Service following an investigation by the Department of Trade and Industry.
CruiseCompare.co.uk is a cruise ship travel website launched in 2011 by Cruise Compare Ltd.
Proteopedia is a wiki, 3D encyclopedia of proteins and other molecules.
The company was founded by former fashion marketing executive Anna Brockway and travel industry executives Gregg Brockway and Eric Grosse in March 2013.
Some Groups are simply announcement bulletin boards, to which only the Group moderators can post, while others are discussion forums.
The service of Milanuncios consists in the insertion of ads, created by the users of the website, in the portal milanuncios.com.
Wales reportedly showed great interest in the local character of the encyclopedia.
It was launched in 2012 and by 2017 more than 175,000 researchers have joined the site.
Threadbombing is a popular image gallery that hosts image macros, animated gifs, and other random internet pictures.
Populus is a genus of 25–35 species of deciduous flowering plants in the family Salicaceae, native to most of the Northern Hemisphere.
Such data may be used in accordance with the Open Database License.
So far, the site has avoided traditional reporting and straight-up reviews in favor of quirky but a\serious angles.
Myxer was a streaming internet radio company founded in Deerfield Beach, Florida in 2005.
Every applicant must have professional credentials, and their writing samples are carefully scrutinized.
Wadja is based in Cyprus and had its BETA launch in August 2006.
It has been recognized as part of a new trend in technology where inanimate objects acquire the ability to blog about their owners' activities.
It covered the future of cities, education, environment, food, health, gender, and technology.
It is building a dating & social platform for Africans by Africans blending to the African culture.
It was centered around independent music, and aired 24 hours a day.
Currently, 1.7 million South Africans have Internet access, from a population of 44 million people.
When Javid started the website in 1995, he called it The Iranian.
The site aggregates content from a range of sources, both from the mainstream music press and the blogosphere, like a “glossy RSS feed”.
Listings from the site were also available via Orange's WAP mobile phone walled garden.
The site has been linked to Internet subcultures and activism, most notably the alt-right.
Explora Phones Inc is an angel funded technology start-up providing telecommunications and electronic tour guide services to international travelers.
They also use insulting words for right-wing people they believe to go over the mark though and in recent years inappropriate reader comments are jorissed away.
Since 2011, the database also contains video games.
Employing ten people, VGChartz provides tools for worldwide data analysis and regular worldwide written analysis of the data it provides.
Its headquarters were located in Boston, Massachusetts.
Currently the site appears to have gone offline as of 2010.
BTJunkie was a BitTorrent web search engine operating between 2005 and 2012.
The website is split up into two sections: "news" and "blogs."
FindArticles was a website which provided access to articles previously published in over 3,000 magazines, journals, and other sources.
The physical place of storage can be referred to as an archive, an archives, or a repository.
The Korean Wikipedia is the Korean language edition of the Wikipedia.
In December 2007 the court ruled against TorrentSpy.
iversity is the only MOOC platform offering courses with ECTS-integration.
Both site and magazine feature articles on academic advice, career tips, student success stories, NCAA sports features, sex questions and celebrity interviews.
Sam Apple edited New Voices and directed interactive media at Nerve.com before beginning this online newspaper.
The user base has grown and describes themselves as the natter community.
It is currently owned by CBS Interactive.
It is part of the Lietuvos Rytas Media Group.
The website is free for anyone to use, but also offers Bible Gateway Plus, a membership program with enhanced services.
The main language of HUP is Hungarian.
CNET is an American media website that publishes reviews, news, articles, blogs, podcasts and videos on technology and consumer electronics globally.
Since its launch on February 16, 2006, over 370,000 scores and 42,000 recordings for over 110,000 works by over 14,000 composers have been uploaded.
NBHAP focuses on independent music, especially indie rock, indie pop, synthpop, chillwave, electronic music and post-rock.
There have been no new entries since 2012.
The blog has been referred to as the "TMZ of Food News."
It also has a comprehensive forum and a section for fun videos.
The projects' goal is to fight everyday food waste and to raise awareness about this problem in society.
Project Kenai is a collaborative hosting site for free and open source projects, launched by Sun Microsystems and now owned by Oracle.
It is owned and operated by Kolab Systems AG and was formerly known as MyKolab.
Lowyat.net is a popular Internet forum and technology magazine website in Malaysia.
The milestone of 100,000 was achieved on 4 March 2013, four days before its tenth anniversary.
Transifex is a proprietary, web-based translation platform; that is to say, it is a globalization management system.
It is owned by media and entertainment business Townsquare Media.
Scouts are provided feedback they can use to improve their accuracy, and therefore their earnings, over time.
3 Quarks Daily is an online news aggregator and blog that curates commentary, essays, and multimedia from high quality periodicals, newspapers, journals, and blogs.
Around that point, the MWO site went dark with the note "Out to Pasture".
Violet Blue wrote in The Adventurous Couple's Guide to Sex Toys that it helped popularize the idea of machines aiding in sex acts.
Founder Christina Bloom died in December 2014, and the site shut down shortly thereafter
It covers political, economic, foreign affairs and environmental issues.
Film Business Asia was a film trade magazine based in Hong Kong.
It ranks as the most popular website among Lithuanian and Estonian internet users.
It was founded in 1997 in Louisville, Kentucky, United States by Tom Cottingham and Kim Spalding, and debuted as a website in May 1999.
Lego pieces can be assembled and connected in many ways, to construct objects; vehicles, buildings, and working robots.
The website was previously operated under Packet Monster Inc., a company based in Chinatown, Singapore, between 2009 and 2014.
The site is also referred to by casual game developers and publishers, in regard to their reviews, news and walkthroughs.
The site and community who maintained it were also known as the Open Directory Project.
Filmfront also covers various news on movie and celebrity material from both within and outside Norway.
Other services have risen up in its place such as SecretValet.com  & email from death].
It claims to be the world's first online lyric writing service.
In 2008, The Observer labelled it as one of the fifty most powerful blogs in the world.
The search engine is focused primarily on Dutch, English, French, German, Italian, and Spanish language titles.
Magazines.com LLC is a privately held American e-commerce company based in Franklin, TN, a suburb of Nashville, Tennessee.
Chromaroma had funding from 4iP and Screen West Midlands since a concept was arrived at in early 2009.
Its stated objective is to enable people to gain basic education and workplace skills.
Capital Collections is Edinburgh Libraries' online image library.
FeedBurner provides custom RSS feeds and management tools to bloggers, podcasters, and other web-based content publishers.
Monuments of History and Architecture, uses the latest research to present the Buda Castle and its vicinity.
The GeoCities Japan version of the service is still available.
The service can be accessed through the web, desktop apps or mobile devices.
Since 2015, the site allows startups to raise money from angel investors free of charge.
Wavii's team was primarily former Last.fm, Microsoft, and Amazon engineers.
It targets primarily a middle-aged African-American female demographic.
The petition to wind up the company was heard by a court on 22 March 2006
The songs "Surf Solar" and "Olympians" were released as singles.
All services to the public are free, including malware and rootkit cleanup of infected computers and removal instructions on rogue anti-spyware programs.
Anyone can access these maps and have the option to sign up to receive free crime alerts via email and text.
A special feature of the journal is its critique column, "A Cup of Fine Tea", in which previously published works are discussed.
In addition to films, the website covers various film festivals from Sundance, Toronto and Fantasia to Sitges, Cannes and the Berlinale.
The website maintains data from the 1st Academy Awards ceremony, honoring films from 1927 and 1928, to the 84th Academy Awards ceremony, honoring films from 2011.
A large mailing list exists, in which members debate aspects of the world they are creating, discussing additions, modifications, issues arising, and work to be done.
Heathen Harvest is an Internet blog devoted to music criticism, music news and interviews.
James Allen Hightower is an American syndicated columnist, progressive political activist, and author.
Before 2001 the site was called Zion2000.
Registration is required to own, or post in, a weblog.
Foodbeast is a popular food and drink blog.
The site started out on the Blogger platform, moved to Scoop in August 2005, and to Drupal in December 2006.
The Oatmeal is a webcomic and humor website created in 2009 by cartoonist Matthew Inman.
In July 2008, SVT presented a desktop widget with news headlines for Play Rapport.
The full archive of recaps was transferred to http://www.brilliantbutcancelled.com/shows/.
Boy Genius Report is a technology-influenced website that covers topics ranging from consumer gadgets, to entertainment, gaming, and science.
In February 1994 he published the first classic book in HTML, Whitman's Leaves of Grass.
Ufone is among the largest GSM mobile service provider and fourth largest mobile service in terms of subscriber base of over 24 million.
The software was written by Dmitriy Zaporozhets and Valery Sizov from Ukraine.
The Serbian Wikipedia is the Serbian-language version of the free online encyclopedia Wikipedia.
Politically Incorrect is a mainly German-language Counter-jihad political blog which focuses on topics related to immigration, multiculturalism and Islam in Germany and Western societies.
NUANS is a computerized search service in Canada for comparison of proposed corporate names or trade-marks.
Subscriptions starting at $7/month provide internet access and more storage and computing resources.
Spectrum Culture's work has been featured on the official websites of various artists, films, and restaurants across the internet.
eButterfly is an online database of butterfly observations that collects data on butterfly abundance, distribution and phenology across North America.
In 2009, DeskTube was found by the Washington Post as a much easier way to surf YouTube content.
The site also features monthly podcasts DJs Chloe Harris and Justin Steel, which features new and unreleased tracks from many electronic artists.
An urtak survey could be created by any individual for his or her community.
The Kodak Gallery was Kodak's consumer online digital photography web site.
The Starting Point Directory was unusual in 1995 in that sites that were listed in the directory would place voting links on their pages.
It was established in 1918 during the Second World War to compete against the prominent German Almanach de Gotha.
Past entries have included the student detailing a sexual encounter with a university rugby player, losing her virginity and the importance of safe sex.
It was founded in October 2002 and reached ten thousand articles on 4 June 2005.
The website has attracted around 8 million hits a year.
In 2009, Metaplume terminated all the staff and the site was shut down.
Users can also embed a collection into most CMS products including WordPress blogs, Drupal websites, Typepad blogs and others.
In addition, all the organization’s funds have been frozen for up to 180 days.
Nevertheless, there are exceptions for bands which fall under disputed genres not accepted by the website.
Fakt is a Polish tabloid-style daily newspaper and is one of the best-selling papers in the country.
Such text is displayed in gray instead of the usual black.
The website also has a non-pornographic offshoot site, called emptyclosets.com, designed for both under-age users and gay people of all ages to discuss various issues.
Project teams own their project from ideation to retirement – they design, code, build, release, and support their project.
The site was launched in 2001 by Mister Message, LLC and later sold to former RateMyProfessors.com owner Patrick Nagle.
Supporting movies, games, competitions, and six Legoland amusement parks have been developed under the brand.
The blog first gained media attention in 2004, with a Korea Times piece on expat blogs.
Lacks is an avid Buckeye and Cowboy fan and this is often a source humor on the show.
The website is increasingly used as a source by publications related to Italian cinema.
The website first went online in 1995.
This educational project is part of the Open Education Consortium and it is supervised by a consulting network of experts specializing in online education.
New York Post writer Michael Kane called GotFrag "the best source of gaming [information] for the hard-core community".
EUROPA was first published in February 1995 at the G7 ministerial meeting on information society in Brussels.
New entrants are competing for the PFM market by supplying personal finance tools through employer HR departments.
Sponsors of this web series include Autism Speaks.
DeskTube is a desktop application that allows users to browse and search YouTube videos, access Twitter and Facebook accounts all from the same location.
Greenlifestyle is managed by a loose team of volunteers on a part-time basis.
The LDraw file format and original program were written by James Jessiman, although the file format has since evolved.
It features articles, quotes, and biographies of Conservative party members involved in the various controversies.
First established in 2005, the website provided local news, weather and features on demand 24 hours a day.
Podcasts was a podcasting directory service that let users download, stream online, subscribe and review podcasts.
It also features unlimited storage, a calendar, contacts management, Ajax, and close integration with OneDrive, Office Online and Skype.
EstDomains was known for hosting websites with malware, child pornography, and other illegal content.
The web site provided archives of the messages as well as list management functionality.
Users could add contacts to their My Web account, which allowed them to view the user's tags and also some tags that the viewer submitted.
The offering also includes Outlook.com, People, Calendar and OneDrive, all of which are accessible from a unified app switcher.
The 2010 edition of the Britannica was the last printed version and was sold until stock ran out in 2012.
Making Money, part of the Discworld series by Terry Pratchett
In 2008, four IIT and IIM alumni founded the website.
It was founded by Jimmy Wales and underwritten by Bomis, with Larry Sanger as editor-in-chief.
The service is notable among website developers for its pioneering use of Ajax.
Clicker indexed only legal video that is streamable online.
DSI users, have used DontStayIn to set up events and user-groups to promote the meeting up of DSIers in real life.
In 1999, NewMusicBox was awarded ASCAP's Deems Taylor Award.
The Goom Radio Factory allows online broadcasters to create custom online radio brands.
Travel offers travel guides, daily articles, booking and reservation services.
Like Wikipedia, the articles were released under the GNU Free Documentation License.
The webzine's publisher has not previously endorsed the inclusion of original or editorial content.
College Football News is a magazine and website published by College Football News, Inc., headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.
Cuil's privacy policy, unlike that of other search engines, said it did not store users’ search activity or IP addresses.
Kludge was a Los Angeles-based online music magazine devoted to long-form music journalism, album reviews, music news and interviews.
Ant.com ranks the website as the 361st most popular on the internet as of April 9, 2011.
The Hindi Wikipedia is the Hindi language edition of Wikipedia.
Ecocho was a search engine with the aim of offsetting carbon emissions by donating 70% of revenues to 'carbon offset credits'.
The site was founded and launched in 1999 under the name ASL.TO in Ghent, Belgium, by Lorenz Bogaert and Toon Coppens.
It also conducts research into learning based on how people use its platform.
In 2002, BOP started its annual end-of-the-year awards, The Calvins.
Ubetoo was a social networking website aimed towards musicians and filmmakers who want to earn money from their work.
In February 2014, the site changed its name from Microryza to Experiment.com.
In December 2016, former KAT staff members revived the KAT community by creating a website with its predecessor's features and appearance; the website is Katcr.co.
ProBoards is a free, remotely hosted message board service that facilitates online discussions by allowing people to create their own online communities.
Its membership is restricted by policy to those who are supportive of the Democratic Party and Democratic candidates for political office.
The focus of the online magazine is to focus not on the destinations, but on travel in the general sense of the word.
In July 2014, Expedia agreed to buy Wotif.com for about US$657 million; this was approved by the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission on 1 October 2014.
News originated as an internet-based news aggregator by Yahoo!.
Photobucket is an American image hosting and video hosting website, web services suite, and online community.
In 2012, it was acquired by DHI Group, Inc..
Tangent Online is edited by Dave Truesdale, with web-hoster Eric James Stone.
It also offers blogging, online printing and selling of prints at custom prices, as well as email and co-branding.
The company is headquartered in Cyprus, EU-zone.
English names variously applied to different species include poplar , aspen, and cottonwood.
Alcorn McBride is an American manufacturer of show control, audio and video equipment for the themed entertainment industry.
Nature Detectives is an online phenology research and education project for 4–18-year-olds in the UK.
Most of the photographs presented on the website date to the early twentieth century.
TexAgs is an independent Texas A&M University fan website.
TeraGrid was coordinated through the Grid Infrastructure Group at the University of Chicago, working in partnership with the resource provider sites in the United States.
Its wiki software, MediaWiki, allows almost anyone with access to the website to create and edit entries.
It is owned and operated by ITV Network, a private limited company under the management of Kartikeya Sharma.
In 2008, a Fred Flare store opened in Greenpoint, Brooklyn but closed in 2011.
The magazine is available in both print and online formats.
The Needle Drop's YouTube channel currently has over a million subscribers, and more than 235 million upload views.
Udall politicians have been elected from four different states: Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, and Oregon.
Images stored in free accounts were still available until January 31, 2016, and free accounts not converted to paid accounts were deleted after that date.
The site was owned by Eric "eBaum" Bauman and co-owned by Bauman's secretary and father, Neil.
Google Moon is a service similar to Google Earth that shows satellite images of the Moon.
It is a synthpop and R&B song featuring 1980s-style synthesizers and an electronic instrumental track.
IPKat is a law blog founded in June 2003, and dedicated to intellectual property law with a focus on European law.
Website slogan: D3.ru is an online platform for communities, where everyone is able to start a community — your voice matters!
Set up in March 2009, the website was created to pay for Pyrgiotis' university fees of £17,000.
Web of Stories is based in London.
As of September 2011, the site no longer appears operational, and all links redirect to IGN.com or its affiliates.
Apart from South Africa and Namibia, the Afrikaans Wikipedia is used and maintained by users in Europe, North America and Oceania.
Amazon hopes this new service will move businesses from on-premises tape backup drives to cloud-based backup storage.
This results in a long and gentle backslope called a dip slope that conforms with the dip of resistant strata, called caprock.
Launched by LGBT media company Here Media in 2008, the magazine primarily focuses on lesbian culture.
EuroBillTracker has registered over 167 million notes as of June 2017, worth more than €3.096 billion.
Digital Mission to New York, 1-5 November 2010
Writer Regina Lynn highlighted the site's emphasis on communication, and Annalee Newitz of AlterNet classed it as part of Porn 2.0.
Bountysource is a website for open source bounties and since 2012 also for crowdfunding.
Currently, there are over 750,000 users spanning more than 190 countries and 90 languages.
The Elijah List was holding conferences as early as November 2000.
Perma.cc is part of the Memento network thus all public pages can be searched for using the Memento API.
The California Report Card is a mobile-optimized web application designed to promote public involvement in the California government.
RTÉ.ie is the brand name and home of RTÉ's online activities, located at the URL http://rte.ie.
The Jawa Report is a blog and forum about terrorism committed by Islamists.
The magazines are Animation World, dedicated to animation in general, and VFX World, which focuses on special effects and computer-generated imagery.
The service was founded in 2008 by Marco Arment and had about 2 million users as of late 2011.
Users have initiated fundraising pages on GiveForward.com to raise money for medical expenses incurred by a friend, a family member, or even a pet.
wykop.pl is a Polish social networking internet service, founded on December 25, 2005.
SharetheMusic acts as a middleman between users, and in contrast to other services, it does not store or distribute any files.
It is also described as a travel advice website.
It was possible to use this stream of information to create customized feeds to share, as well as originate new posts-discussions, with friends.
Gigas is an international cloud computing services company based in Madrid, Spain.
On April 14, 2011, the original URL of the site was redirected to a new website named 'Oh Internet' that bore little resemblance to Encyclopedia Dramatica.
The diversity of the users range from complete atheists to evangelical and liberal Christians.
The database started as a list of titanic primes by Samuel Yates.
Tweakers currently has more than 500,000 members and its forum has over 29 million posts.
Iran has made great strides in different sectors, including aerospace, nuclear science, medical development, as well as stem cell and cloning research.
The site no longer appears to be active.
This edition was created on May 11, 2001 and first edited on June 11, 2001.
The project was created in February 2006 by Eugene M. Izhikevich, while he was a researcher at the Neurosciences Institute, San Diego, California.
For this reason the site was redesigned and migrated to the WordPress platform in late 2006.
Waterwheel is an "interactive and collaborative platform", capable of being used as a medium for sharing media and ideas, performances and presentations.
Speakers and attendees were also able to beam into the event via autonomous telepresence robots.
The project's servers are hosted by Portland State University, which in turn are sponsored by HP, Intel and Google.
Funshion is a Chinese peer-to-peer streaming video network software and website.
It was created as an ad-free alternative to existing social networks.
MyLifeIsAverage is a website where people may submit stories and tales of their day, about average occurrences and average people.
It is the largest online employment website in the United States, where it was founded.
To place jobs, the requesting programs use an open application programming interface, or the more limited MTurk Requester site.
The most popular of these include Le pilote, Le Willi Waller, and Halloween.
They have also created over 100 icons for the Xbox 360 UI and website.
MDN Web Docs, previously Mozilla Developer Network and formerly Mozilla Developer Center, is the official Mozilla website for development documentation of web standards and Mozilla projects.
At launch, there were 39 mainly US-based news partners.
British Fantasy Award Nomination – 2013 & 2014
Later on many other workshops are organized by the community members in different places Assam.
Google Traffic can be viewed at the Google Maps website, or by using the Google Maps application on a handheld device.
The latter was the Swiss portal for researchers in Switzerland from 1999 to 2005.
Some wiki engines are open source, whereas others are proprietary.
At first, Ceriwis used the .us top-level domain, before switching to Ceriwis.com in 2014.
TruthRevolt is a conservative U.S. news and activism website.
On March 5, 2004, LinuxQuestions.org set up a wiki aimed at building the largest online Linux knowledge base.
In October 2009, commonground won a Groundswell Award from Forrester Research for best B2B Supporting Community.
They generally post album reviews, conducted interviews, fashion and lifestyle articles, and photo galleries.
The site is now backed by Y Combinator.
The site initially focused on "western games" such as FPS and RTS genres, the video gaming market, along with MMORPGs and dating simulations.
On January 20, 2010, thesixtyone implemented a new design with emphasis on high resolution photography, location, and lyrics.
It was inspired by the US currency tracking website Where's George?.
Their site now redirect to TechBargains.com, another Ziff Davis property.
The program was launched in late February 2006, and ended in late June 2017.
Singersroom receives an audience of more than 500,000 readers per month.
Established in 2004, it is owned by the USAK Derneği, which publishes other printed and online periodicals.
The site was founded in August 2004 by Sean Bucci, who is fighting marijuana dealing charges.
Network Awesome also includes a magazine with the goal of providing commentary and analysis of the featured content via daily articles.
technologies in their beta testing phase, and a chance for the Yahoo!
Special awards exist for solving special combinations of problems, for instance there is an award for solving fifty prime numbered problems.
Its popularity has led to the establishment of a number of other currency tracking websites and sites that track other objects, such as used books.
Google Bookmarks is a free online bookmarking service, available to Google Account holders.
However, Wired News remained responsible for republishing Wired magazine's content online due to an agreement when Condé Nast purchased the magazine.
Google also finds high quality answers to similar questions previous asked and return them to the user to improve answer timeliness.
Noisecreep is also part of AOL's MediaGlow publishing division which was created in January 2009.
Amnesty presented this petition with over 50,000 signatures at the November 2006 United Nations Internet Governance Forum in Athens.
This increases quality of service and lowers costs for the video provider.
Representative offices have been opened in Moscow, Kyiv, Minsk, Riga, Almaty, Tbilisi, Chisinau, Bishkek.
The large accompanying forum is recommended by some books for bargain hunting in the technology field.
In June 2005, "Mobile PC" published by Future Network USA changed their name to "Mobile".
Founded by author Linda L. Richards in 1997, January has added various sections and offshoot publications since.
Founded in 2007 by artist Sharon Butler, Two Coats of Paint is an independent art blog about contemporary painting and related subjects.
According to third-party web analytics provider SimilarWeb, the site had over 23 million visits per month as of 2015.
The site is written and edited by students and recent graduates.
What you can submit, and how you can submit it is determined by your level of membership, which is separated into two levels.
Mollom is a web service that analyzes the quality of content posted to websites.
Rosenberg has been working as a freelance animator.
It required an invitation from an existing member to register.
The name Wikisource was adopted later that year and it received its own domain name seven months later.
Yelp became a public company in March 2012 and became profitable for the first time two years later.
Kapoor or Kapur is a Gotra of the Khatri community of India, it is also used as surname by people belonging to the gotra.
Lexipedia presents words with their semantic relationships displayed in an animated visual word web.
Education Planet dba Lesson Planet, is a for-profit education company based in Santa Barbara, California.
Featured experts include James Marshall Reilly, Matt Mickiewicz, and Young Entrepreneur Council.
Red Nation is a Canadian online magazine for Canadian soccer news.
With its subscription model, the company bootstrapped its way to profitability and claims about 750 new sign-ups on a weekday during the school year.
The library is unique globally in giving general access to the entire population of a country to international point-of-care tools and the largest international medical journals.
The Dark Sun Online servers were shut down in 1998 when TEN was discontinued.
The site focuses on pop music, independent music and electronic music.
The podcast focuses on current scientific news.
It also takes credit for the first non-commercial IPv6 / Internet2 radio stream.
When a user inputs the name of a specific band, artist or song, Raditaz could create a station based on that musician along with similar artists.
It also allows members to rate books, write their book reviews, add quotes to authors or books pages and enrich authors' pages with related information.
Critics praised the acting, directing, themes and messages but debated the explicit violence and moral ambiguity.
Currently available forums fall into the following categories: LinuxQuestions.org, Linux, Enterprise Linux, Other *NIX Forums, Non-*NIX Forums.
WeDidIt is a New York City-based company founded in 2012 that provides an online platform and a mobile app for nonprofits to raise funds.
Openclipart is a community and collection of vector clip art that is free content.
Generally, the blogs are hosted by Google at a subdomain of blogspot.com.
Distributed Proofreaders Canada began contributing ebooks to Project Gutenberg Canada when launched on December 1, 2007.
Celebuzz is an entertainment website launched in June 2008 that features breaking TV, movie, and entertainment news.
Created in 2000, this webzine about computing and multimedia offers news, reviews and downloads of software applications, as well as community services.
BeyondSims previously SimPrograms is a video game news fansite specializing in The Sims and Spore News and Content.
The results were presented to the user under the Yahoo!
In 2003, Google launched Google alerts which were the result of Naga Kataru's efforts.
The URLs to all former AOL music sites, including Spinner, were re-directed to aolradio.slacker.com starting in August 2013.
When a threshold of users in a particular area is noted, the overlay along roads and highways on the Google map changes color.
DC Rainmaker is a blog by Ray Maker that reviews technology used for runners, cyclists, and triathletes.
Unlike most other social networking websites, it offered a desktop client and web widgets.
Delfi is a major internet portal in Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania providing daily news, ranging from gardening to politics.
The main content of the wiki are persons, buildings, topographical objects, organisations, events and other items.
The data is reused by other organizations, such as Freebase, under the creative commons license.
It was founded in 2013 in Australia, with a United States version launched in 2015.
BayImg provided a no-registration service that did not have any copyright license enforced on its images.
Currently, AW consists of an emzine, blog, forum, buy/sell sections for cars and parts, and also direct links to contacts with advertising dealers.
It now ranks among the top 50 websites in the U.S.
The Earth Human STR Allele Frequencies Database is a scientific project based on a dynamic web interface and a relational database management system.
Xiu.com has buyer offices in New York City, Los Angeles, Miami, Australia, Paris, London, Italy, Korea, Hong Kong and Japan.
Google's Knowledge Graph was powered in part by Freebase.
The company also develops and distributes the freeware media player PotPlayer.
The Bitmessage communications protocol avoids sender-spoofing through authentication, and hides metadata from wiretapping systems.
The Xbox 360's successor, the Xbox One, was released on November 22, 2013.
The Kyiv Post is Ukraine's oldest English language newspaper.
Many of the cases that the treatises cite point back directly to the Rutter text as the original source of the legal principle applied.
The network offers information to both mothers and fathers about parenting on a national level.
Cockerham has also used the site as a platform to locate and harass spammers.
The work of a fashion journalist can be quite varied.
In November 2008, PKR held its first in-person poker tournament in London, and 150 players from several countries participated.
The name was changed to Հայերեն Վիքիպեդիա on 5 April 2012.։
Visual.ly is a community platform for data visualization and infographics.
The community focuses on celebrity gossip and pop culture with most of its posts aggregated from other gossip blogs.
4 on the ARIA Albums Chart and was certified platinum; and Utopia.
VODO's background is in distribution of film under Creative Commons licenses, using the BitTorrent protocol.
Its users regularly publish many essays on hanfu and other topics.It also hosts the work of several academics, and have over 100,000 members,.
Researchers at New York University are currently conducting an innovative psychology and law study that uses video of a criminal trial.
Hard Knock TV is a premier multi-platform video production and entertainment company founded in 2005 by Nick Huff Barili.
This gave the site its name Ilbe, which is short for Ilgan Best, Korean for popular daily.
The ISFDB is a volunteer effort, with both the database and wiki being open for editing and user contributions.
Ezmo closed on 14 March 2008 due to a lack of funding.
The first version of the website was launched in March 2001; in October 2001, the record label Roadrunner Records began hosting it.
Jhanki is an Indian online forum where the reader community reports on events.
Apple's notable brand loyalty among consumers causes long lines of hundreds of people at new Apple Store openings or product releases.
Virtual Gumshoe is a free public record directory popular among private investigators and law enforcement.
Holy Soap is a UK television and entertainment website founded in June 2009 by the British television company Channel 5.
Benjamin sells nothing on Superbad, and received little extra traffic from the Webby award.
The revenue model is currently undetermined with only one allusive sentence related to a-la-carte performance enhancement model is the most likely interpretation).
The concept for Big Think, which has been described as a YouTube for ideas, was first developed by Victoria Brown and Peter Hopkins.
Currently, a $25 payment purchases a 6-month subscription, during which time advertisements are removed from the website interface while subscribers are logged in.
Globally, most postcrossers reside in North America, Europe, and East Asia.
As a "social business", Ecosia is a CO2-neutral company that supports full financial transparency, and is certified by B-labs as a B-corporation.
and Lifewise, as well as the Sun Media newspaper sites.
Spoonful.com is owned and operated by The Walt Disney Company, specifically by the Disney Interactive Family business unit within Disney Interactive.
Googlism was created by Paul Cherry and Chris Morton.
It was established in late December 2007.
It twice won the Bloggies for Weblog of the Year, in 2004 and 2005.
Workaway is an international hospitality service that organizes homestays for people willing to provide help for their hosts.
All members of TV Tome were also members of Movie Tome.
The site also shows groups of companies which are legally part of the same conglomerate.
Insight Communications Limited is one of the largest advertising agencies in Nigeria and West Africa.
Histmag has published over 5,000 articles, most of which are available online for free.
eHow is an online how-to guide with a large number of articles and 170,000 videos offering step-by-step instructions.
ROS is estimated to be used by 60% of all taxpayers and over 80% of tax agents.
Assembla is owned by Assembla, Inc and was created in 2005.
He has Sold over 80 million records to date .
According to director David Grabias, the project's goals include:
Listeners could adjust the popularity level of the artists and songs found within the station.
The company has since adopted privacy reforms and changed its invitation processes.
Visitors edited directly in the web browser without downloading application software.
The first edit on Odia Wikipedia occurred on 3 June 2002.
TVN24 is first HD news channel in Poland and East-Central Europe, launched on November 30, 2012.
Wikicollecting is a wiki-based open-source encyclopedia covering all areas of antiques and collectables.
In its current ititeration, it is a startup in predictive analytics, social networking, and content marketing space.
Here, we make selected rejects immortal and preserve them for posterity."
Breitbart News is headquartered in Los Angeles, with bureaus in Texas, London, and Jerusalem.
Subsequently, it offered access to more disparate materials, organised into channels, and services such as e-mail, VoIP and blog host.
The company launched Wolfram Alpha, an answer engine on 16 May 2009.
In addition to an email address, each GMX account includes a Mail Collector, Address Book, Organizer, and File Storage.
Baidu states officially that Baidu Baike serves as an online encyclopedia as well as information storage space for netizens.
The webradio service is accessible on mobile phone iPhone and iPod Touch.
Snip.it have stopped their services temporarily in order to redesign the site.
It has won several awards, including "(Dutch) website of the year" in 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014.
He has operated the website since July 27, 1999, a total of seventeen football seasons.
SchoolTube is a free K-12 video community.
After Douglas was fired, the blog was taken over by Owen Thomas.
IDontWantDowry.com attempts to create a meeting place for brides and grooms who want to marry without dowry.
BayImg had a 100MB file limit and supported over 140 different file formats.
It was started 1 May 1996 by Thomas Abrahamsson and claims to be the largest science fiction and fantasy art site in the world.
Out of all these Exoplanet Archive is managed by NASA.
The domain name xenu.net is a reference to the character Xenu from secretive "OT III" Scientology documents.
The website also includes biographical information of both incumbent and historical justices of the Court and advocates who have argued before the court.
JustCite has a legal search engine, with built-in citation index functionality, that focuses on case law and legislation from common law jurisdictions around the world.
Manhunt.net is a social networking website operated by Online Buddies, Inc., that facilitates male same-sex introductions.
The service is free to users and is currently available in London, Manchester and Dublin.
The Sokol, through lectures, discussions, and group outings provided what Tyrš viewed as physical, moral, and intellectual training for the nation.
Turkish entrepreneur and musician Emir Turan founded Giggem in 2012.
In 2012, Swiss entrepreneur Martial Saugy and Max Oldorf acquired shares in the company.
In addition to occasional writings by "Cyborg-in-Chief" Gareth Branwyn, Street Tech has regular sections, forums, and news items.
They also feature new products from major corporations, however, including Google.
Centered on the concept of “Share your Virtual Life", Koinup offers a social networking platform for all virtual world inhabitants.
Contradictory to Wikipedia, all entries will be reviewed, controlled and monitored by the university staffs not by the public as in case of Wikipedia.
Trekiz was registered in Hong Kong and its operations center was established in Beijing in 2010.
What.CD was a private, invite-only music BitTorrent tracker and community launched in 2007.
Metro Jacksonville is an American news website, blog, and forum focusing on Jacksonville, Florida, U.S.
With approximately 11,000 articles, it is currently the 136th-largest Wikipedia as measured by the number of articles.
An outcome of the project is to better determine the different aspects of objects and to separate them into classifications.
No official clarification has been made to date as to why the website was shut down.
As of November 2014 the website received two million visitors each month, and was linked to by over 12,000 web pages.
Twitterfall takes advantage of Twitter's search trends, which reveal the topics that are currently most popular and most discussed at that time.
The original Deletionpedia operated from February to September 2008.
Moshing is typically done in an area in the center of the crowd, generally closer to the stage.
Editor of the Portal is Metropolitan Naum of Strumica.
These include the United Kingdom, Australia, China, Japan, French, German, Korean and Spanish.
The Awl is a website about "news, ideas and obscure Internet minutiae of the day" based in New York City.
As of July 2016, site redirects to viewster.com, site providing access to limited number of licensed content, including Anime and movies.
Cuil was a search engine that organized web pages by content and displayed relatively long entries along with thumbnail pictures for many results.
Google says "it's only enabled in majorly english-speaking countries".
Mevio Inc., was an American internet entertainment network.
On July 29, 2009, Microsoft and Yahoo!
Perspectivia.net is an international and interdisciplinary online academic publication platform.
In January 2008, Withoutabox was acquired by IMDb, a subsidiary of Amazon.com.
In 2001, Telenor purchased the company and cancelled the internationalisation effort.
The principles of these two companies formed Stick Sports in July 2006 to expand their stable of free online sports games.
The test results are used to match people with complementary immune systems.
The release included data from customers who had previously paid a $19 fee to Ashley Madison to supposedly have their data deleted.
The work was then circulated throughout AOL's network of websites .
Entries from the 2004 season were later collected and published in book form.
Elfwood is a popular web-based alternative art gallery and online community devoted to original science fiction and fantasy art and writing.
The idea for the service originated from Valleyschwag as a side project.
It currently provides musician services in eight countries and 4 languages.
Joi Ito, CEO of Creative Commons, was a board member.
In April 2007 Ibrahima Fall, a Senegalese student living in Italy, began adding substantial content to the Wolof Wikipedia.
The web magazine has existed in various forms for over a decade.
As a result, Marek was arrested and charged under Canada's obscenity law with corrupting public morals.
Best of the Web Today by James Taranto, the editor of OpinionJournal.com.
Bleeping Computer has since requested financial aid from their readers to help pay legal fees arising from the lawsuit.
and a CD version was published in 1995.
Koinup is an image and video hosting service, web portal and online community for virtual world users.
By active users, it has 140, compared to 166 for the Cebuano Wikipedia and 69 for the Waray language edition.
Scoot is a United Kingdom directory listings website.
GeneaBloggers is a membership site that encourages genealogists and family historians to document their research to share with other researchers.
The programmes were mainly all hamfistedly voicetracked apart from the Alex Dyke morning phone-in.
Fox reached a similar deal for regional National Hockey League games beginning in the 2016–17 season.
BabyZone.com is a website for mothers and mothers-to-be.
Chinwag also hosts monthly events under the brand Chinwag Live.
The forum is divided into different categories, each covering a different aspect of the world of royalty.
The Electronic System for Travel Authorization is an automated system that determines the eligibility of visitors to travel to the U.S. under the Visa Waiver Program.
PTT Bulletin Board System is the largest terminal-based bulletin board system based in Taiwan.
Telecom announced in April 2011 that it had sold its share to Yahoo!7 and Yahoo!Xtra was rebranded as Yahoo!
Sellers can post an asking price or request offers; buyers, in turn, can purchase an item at its asking price or make an offer.
It was developed in 2006 by Soda Creative and hosted by Darq Ltd.
"Тематические Медиа" developed group of websites after they developed habrahabr.ru.
It is the only Wikipedia to do so, however, file upload at the English and other languaged Wikipedia remains facilitated.
Past images are stored in the APOD Archive, with the first image appearing on June 16, 1995.
That year's other nominations included Channel 1 Releasing, Colt Studio Group, Hot House Entertainment, Naked Sword, Raging Stallion Studios and others.
Trekiz is a technology company that provides customized travel planning and booking solutions through its web-based platforms.
As it grew, FindArticles moved away from an all-free model driven by advertising to a mixture of free and paid content.
At this point, Soso discontinued services and now redirects to Sogou Search.. Sogou also has search results in English.
In April 2009, Stirton started a discussion forum named BBLounge to complement the site.
It began as an independent project in 2004, and in 2007 joined Wikia.
Dave's Garden is an informational website for gardening enthusiasts founded by Dave Whitinger.
Netmums is a website for parents in the UK.
The key feature of Virtual Gumshoe is the database of free public record sources that can be sorted by keywords or location.
The Kannada Wikipedia community held a meeting in Bangalore on April 2, 2006, which got fairly high press coverage.
Scouts Inc. partners with ESPN Inc. and specializes in scouting and evaluating current and future players and teams in professional, college and high school sports.
By June 2010 it had fallen out of the top 100, but it made a return in mid-2012.
The GeekDad blog was named one of the top ten best-written blogs for its in-depth explanations of difficult and intricate topics.
Blog Vietnam was officially shut down on January 17, 2013.
The site has been in operation since 1993, but up until 2007 it went by the name Army.ca and CdnArmy.ca.
Gigas was founded to fill a gap in the hosting market to provide an innovative and powerful cloud solution with superior local technical support.
Since then, it has grown significantly and has over 700,000 registered accounts.
It focuses on news surrounding information and telecommunications, broadband, IT security, software, gadgets and gaming, and mobile operators from across Africa.
Their made-for-YouTube video SAME DUDE, is a musical-parody of R. Kelly and Usher's "Same Girl".
NEWSru is a Russian online news sites.
As an "Internet librarianship," ibiblio is a digital library and archive project.
In July 2012, TAXI was featured in TIME's 'The 140 Best Twitter Feeds Of 2012'.
The Tagalog Wikipedia is the Tagalog language edition of Wikipedia, which was launched on December 1, 2003.
Mash social network was created after plans for a merger of Yahoo!
More recently users are presented with half-page adverts which they must scroll past before seeing the actual site.
BeNews, "the place with more Be News," was the leading BeOS news website from 1998 to 2002.
MSN Games is a part of Microsoft Studios, a sister of the MSN portal, and is owned by Microsoft, headquartered in Redmond, Washington.
European NAvigator was the former name of the digital library on the history of European integration and related institutions.
With this version of the dictionary, word rating feature lets users vote for the best word for given search.
Funding4Learning provides its users with fundraising tools for study, volunteering, as well as a diverse array of education related initiatives.
Posters to the site are usually referred to as "Whedonesquers".
The website then generates a numeric score by averaging all of the numeric reviews.
Individuals who were users of both ex.plode.us and tribe.net lost a great deal of their network on ex.plode.us.
These entries are interlinked, and facilities provided to search and map the online database.
With $11.6 million of EBITDA in 2008 and 255,000 paying members, People Media is atop the niche or targeted segment of the online dating industry.
The explore feature let a user discover the latest music trends by location.
The site came out of public alpha stage and was launched on 1 July 2008.
The project's slogan is, "Openclipart is the largest community of artists making the best free original clipart for you to use for absolutely any reason."
The Awards were first established in 2004, and are produced by Virtual Festivals.com.
Orisinal: Morning Sunshine is a website featuring 62 Adobe Flash games.
As of August 2017, it has about 157,000 articles.
It covers a large network of websites including those for ABC News, television, radio, and video-on-demand through ABC iView.
The project was first revealed in 2012, accompanied by a series of animated promotional videos and a pachislot series released by Daxel.
Although they are not officially part of the site, they share some staff and bear a common trade dress.
Helsebiblioteket.no was awarded «Library of the year 2011» by the Norwegian Library Association.
It has a stated mission to help dismantle violence, discrimination, and marginalization.
Launched in 1999, it has gained significant influence in Japanese society, comparable to that of traditional mass media such as television, radio, and magazines.
His bid for the Triple Crown failed when he lost to Encke in the St Leger.
Amateur authors contribute stories, poems, essays, illustrated stories and audio stories in a variety of categories.
The principal reason for this focus is for people with the greatest knowledge of the African continent to participate in the online representation of Africa.
4chan's first boards were originally primarily used for posting pictures and discussing manga and anime.
TechCrunch commented that the search engine may cause confusion with the Wikia search engine that had been announced the month previous to Wikiseek's launch.
A registered user chooses a site name for themselves, and is given a profile page.
On July 28, 2016, Walgreens said it would shut down Drugstore.com, as well as Beauty.com, to focus on its own Walgreens.com website.
Mail Classic" preserved the availability of their original 1997 interface until July 2013 in North America.
Drop.io was named one of TIME Magazine's 50 Best Websites of 2009, and CNET Webware 100.
In 2011 Beam has over 125 people working in London, New York City and Los Angeles servicing the creative and communications industries across the world.
Science fiction stories on Galaxiki are published by default under the GNU Free Documentation License.
Course Hero is a crowdsourced online learning platform for students to access study resources like course materials, flashcards, educational videos and tutors.
Much of the material depicted was graphic, uncensored, gory videos and images.
The Politicker Network, or Politicker.com, was a national network of fifty state-based political websites operated by The New York Observer.
As of 2013 the company systems were operating in 130 + locations.
Politico founder Jim VandeHei has called the site "an essential stop for anyone interested in politics."
The site raises funds for several charities; The Nature Conservancy, The Rainforest Conservation Fund, The World Parks Endowment, and The Friends of Calakmul.
However, only the first pages of recaps was eventually available, with other pages no longer redirecting properly.
As of August 2017, the site contains over 127,000 content pages, and has more than 625,000 registered users, of whom 721 are currently active.
It is the first image search engine on the web to use image identification technology rather than keywords, metadata or watermarks.
JWed.com is an online dating service aimed at Jewish singles.
The design of the Arabic Wikipedia differs somewhat from other Wikipedias.
It is also notable for the way it has never accepted advertising, subsisting on occasional funding drives from its readers.
Articles written by users, if vetted and approved, will also only be available in a special section of the website, separate from the professional articles.
The current editor is comedy writer and former BBC journalist Tim Telling.
The site was launched in December 2007 and originally included "major user-generated content areas for amateur and professional musicians".
Designed by Sergey Smagin and Ruslan Murashko.
NZ On Screen is a state-funded online promotional showcase of New Zealand television and film.
There is also information on phenology, climate change and "doing your bit for the environment".
Billboard Greece is a Greek online magazine that launched on 18 March 2011.
The women met in 2007 while working on a separate Harvard online publication.
A user's friends could be invited through Facebook, Twitter, or Gmail.
It is best known for its nonprofit and academic partnerships where it provides free practice testing sites for libraries and other organizations.
BNET was an online magazine dedicated to issues of business management.
The average age of the members is between 25–49.
CAIN is a database containing information about Conflict and Politics in Northern Ireland from 1968 to the present.
GiveForward.com was launched on August 14, 2008 in Chicago, Illinois.
This edition was started in July 2003.
Its name was officially changed from Wikipiniana to WikiPilipinas a few weeks later on the 7th of July.
However, most journalists tend to specialize, and by cooperating with other journalists, produce journals that span many topics.
It is a fan-built version of the Holocron, a database maintained by Lucasfilm to track everything in the Star Wars universe and ensure continuity within it.
Vox is an American news and opinion website owned by Vox Media.
The corporate headquarters is located on the Champs-Élysées in Paris.
Epicurious also serves mobile content through apps available across multiple platforms, including Android, Windows, and iOS phones and tablets, as well as the Apple Watch.
First published in Hebrew in Spring 2002, an English version began to be published in March 2007.
The Spunk Library was an anarchist Internet archive.
The project is housed at the University of Alberta, and is currently led by Geoffrey Rockwell, Stéfan Sinclair, Kirsten C. Uszkalo, and Milena Radzikowska.
Currently, most of the content from the website is now available via the official YouTube channel called Icebox.
CultureInside is a non-profit free social networking site for the artistic community.
Users have until May 2, 2012 to backup data before the service completely goes down.
It was initially launched under the direction of editor Nick Douglas in February 2006.
Content - a series of TV and Radio programmes, plus supporting content to develop understanding of computer science, technology, and coding.
Independent commentators call the forum an example of an "active audience" and have claimed The Simpsons is tailor-made for such a forum.
The service, first developed by two public agencies, was officially inaugurated on June 23, 2006 by president Jacques Chirac.
SimPrograms attended a special Spore community-journalism day at Electronic Arts campus in California.
The site was originally started by SysOp m12345 to provide Muslims from various backgrounds and age groups with Islamic content in a free medium.
Most of its users are children, though there is no age restriction.
Cartoon Brew is an animation news website created by Amid Amidi and Jerry Beck.
The word "cinema", short for cinematography, is often used to refer to the industry of films and filmmaking or to the art of filmmaking itself.
Unlike The Huffington Post, content creators who share their work on The Contributor' receive a 50% share of advertising revenue.
Sellaband uses the mechanisms of crowdfunding and is to be seen as a Direct-to-Fan/fan-funded music platform utilising a Threshold Pledge System / Provision Point Mechanism.
Gay Star News is a British news website focused on events related to and concerning the global LGBTI community.
Thunderbolt 1 and 2 use the same connector as Mini DisplayPort, whereas Thunderbolt 3 uses USB Type-C.
Through the graphical interface, users click on individual property listings depicted by color-coded building icons.
In June 2015, Universe Within: Digital Lives in the Global Highrise was launched as the final installment of Highrise.
Qlipso Inc. is an Israeli-American technology company, which builds and operates multi-user content-sharing platforms for Flash-based media.
The player can be embedded on any site.
Its images are used by many universities, government agencies, websites, and others, including a partnership with the Encyclopedia of Life.
The website is maintained by Sports Reference LLC and Fantasy Sports Ventures maintains a minority stake in the organization.
With around 760 million product listings as of March 2013, Taobao Marketplace is one of the world’s top 10 most visited websites according to Alexa.
Film is considered to be an important art form, a source of popular entertainment, and a powerful medium for educating—or indoctrinating—citizens.
Meduza is a Riga-based online newspaper and news aggregator in the Russian language, headed by Galina Timchenko, the former editor-in-chief of Russian news website Lenta.ru.
They then present this information in a web resource that reflects the current scientific understanding of HD.
Both bookmarks and publication entries can be tagged to help structure and re-find information.
'JOOX' is a music streaming service owned by Tencent and launched in January 2015.
The website is the winner of many awards.
Established in 1984 as an electronic mailing list, Info-Mac is notable as being the first online community for Apple's then-new Macintosh computer.
It consists of a weekly issue, separate stories which are published most days, and threaded discussion attached to every story.
Archie is a tool for indexing FTP archives, allowing people to find specific files.
Members can provide feedback on each deal by casting a Hot or Not vote in real time if they feel the deals are compelling or unappealing.
Sabotage Times is an online magazine started in 2009 by Loaded magazine co-founder James Brown.
For the following conference, the coaching staff and players went on to form the nucleus of the Generika Lifesavers.
Mindat.org is a non-commercial online mineralogical database, claiming to be the largest mineral database and mineralogical reference website on the internet.
E-novine has faced numerous libel lawsuits, including two by Emir Kusturica and one by journalist Stojan Drčelić.
Operated from both Seoul and San Francisco by Tapas Media, Tapastic features a large collection of short-form, English-language webcomics and webtoons from over 5,000 artists.
A companion television series, TMZ on TV, debuted on September 10, 2007.
erodr is a place where students can express themselves and get genuine feedback from each other.
Shodan is a search engine that lets the user find specific types of computers connected to the internet using a variety of filters.
MusicBrainz has expanded its goals to reach beyond a compact disc metadata storehouse to become a structured open online database for music.
Ritualwell is a website that allows users to find, create and share Jewish rituals.
After that, Billboard.com used MySpace Music as its provider.
Behind the English language service stands Simon Hradecky of Salzburg, Austria - an expert in aviation safety.
Mifinder was an iPhone app currently not available.
Another name for the mechanism is a hill hold control.
Thuuz is a sports discovery service that alerts users to sporting events via a proprietary "excitement rating."
Integrated into the website is an image hosting section similar to Wikimedia Commons that includes firearm photos, manufacturer logos, screenshots and related art.
The blogger unsuccessfully argued that the family court decision was a violation of his rights under the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution.
Mash had the unusual feature of allowing a user to edit other users' pages, except in cases where the other users have switched the feature off.
Most stories were written and submitted by the site's readers.
The site publishes daily articles and features pertinent to medical education.
Its development will be continued in the framework of the COST ES0803 action.
Uclick content is distributed online through consumer and news web portals such as Yahoo!, MSNBC.com, New York Times, washingtonpost.com, CNN, USA TODAY, and AOL.
New features are discussed and most code is posted to the list before any action is taken.
Objectives of Retail Benchmarking include, but are not limited to:
iFixit product teardowns of new Apple products are carried by PC World, the Mac Observer, NetworkWorld and other publications.
In Japan, the single was released as a double a-side with "Pay the Price", although no music video was created for that song.
Waiter Rant was one of five finalists for "Best American Weblog" for the 2006 Bloggie Awards.
The blog covers both heterosexual and homosexual erotica and users have the ability to filter between the two if they choose.
It employs over 40 journalists delivering over 300 daily news items from all over the world.
If the Linux kernel community had to exist somewhere physically, it would call the Linux Kernel Mailing List home.
The site was created by Robin Fenwick in September 2006.
Wakool Post Office opened on 1 January 1870 and closed in 1874.
Changes to Google Map Maker were intended to appear on Google Maps only after sufficient review by Google moderators.
Sonora is home to eight indigenous peoples, including the Mayo, the Yaqui, and Seri.
It was started in 2003 by Ruby Central in an effort to help the Ruby community by providing a home for open source Ruby projects.
NationofChange provides a free daily newsletter with articles from progressive writers and initiates activist calls to action.
The blog "eschews a Catholicism forced to fit neatly into left- or right-leaning ideological camps."
whitehouse.com was an adult and political entertainment website that first came online in May 1997.
BlockParty will serve a large variety of games from the casual PopTag!, to the hardcore action Vindictus and the first-person shooter, Combat Arms.
The startup scene in Finland has given birth to products such as Linux and Angry Birds.
Travellerspoint is a social networking site for people who want to learn from or share experiences with other travellers.
In December 2009 ShareTheMusic.com has been admitted to Microsoft BizSpark.
The website has a live stats counter on it and has approximately 48 million hits.
Messages on Voxer are delivered live as they’re being recorded and then delivered as a voice message as well.
Galaxiki was launched as a prototype on March 12, 2007, it was officially launched on July 1, 2007.
Habbo is a social networking service and online community aimed at teenagers.
Vinismo was also the first site to use the form extension to the MediaWiki software platform.
The website currently offers the usual sections of News, Sport, Entertainment, Weather, Competitions, Video on demand and STV programme information, with TV listings.
As of May 2017, Android has two billion monthly active users, and it has the largest installed base of any operating system.
This newslink sharing website was created based on two basic principles; of free expression and of user moderation.
There was some media attention in 2015 on a number of users who film themselves sleeping.
Def Pen is a Brooklyn based online lifestyle magazine for music, fashion, sports and art.
educarchile is a Chilean educational website owned by the Ministry of Education of Chile and Fundación Chile.
It was manufactured in Dundee, Scotland, in the now closed Timex factory.
Mochi Media's products included tools for Flash-based web developers to display in-game advertising, complete micro-transactions and display score boards in games.
According to the blog's mission statement, BCC was founded "to provide a thoughtful, enjoyable, and reasonable place to post and discuss Mormon topics."
For example, snow shoveling reached a top 10 spot in 9 different countries in the winter of 2010/11.
OpenAirplane is a private for-profit company founded in 2012 that seeks to "make renting a plane as easy as renting a car."
In 2010, design agency ceft and company new york, created their official logo and brand identity.
A dedicated iOS app is also available.
Only the message spool was transferred, with the software behind the site having to be redeveloped.
Intended to be comprehensive, the project is currently hosted by the University of Waterloo.
Concerns about copyrights led Apple and Facebook to remove Grooveshark's applications from the iOS App Store and Facebook platform respectively.
Adventure Gamers was also referenced in the print book Rogue Leaders: The Story of LucasArts.
He is voiced by actor Bill Fagerbakke, who also voices numerous other characters on the show.
In May 2006, Essembly opened membership to the public, and began to run advertisements on Facebook.
Mofibo is a subscription based e-book and audiobook platform, making titles available for its readers for a monthly fee.
The player is accompanied by Cortana, an artificial intelligence who occupies the Master Chief's neural interface.
Urban interviewed Musk multiple times, and the two discussed the importance of sustainable transport, solar energy, and the future of space exploration.
Maneno was available in Bambara, English, Spanish, French, Fula, Swahili, Lingala, Portuguese, and Zulu.
wowOwow is a U.S.-based website publication run by Joni Evans.
On cable, CgeTV aired exclusively on SkyCable Digital channel 72.
TwitArt.com designs backgrounds for both personal and business use and has designed the Twitter background for Quicken Loans.
Tablet magazine runs several new pieces each day, in addition to hourly updates on its blog, The Scroll.
The name Wookieepedia is a portmanteau of Wookiee and encyclopedia, a pun on the name of Wikipedia.
Imgland.net is a photo and video sharing service, owned and operated by Dcloud, that allows users to upload, link and share images on the Internet.
Beam is part of The Mill Group.
It used technology from C3 Technologies, which was part of the defence corporation Saab AB, to create a detailed three-dimensional map of Stockholm.
Most content on the website was associated with electronic music, fashion and indie culture.
Custom Elements - APIs to define new HTML elements
The website was launched publicly in 2013.
This is an end-to-end IP network, which carries data, phone calls as well as video conferences on the same converged infrastructure.
Notable writers and critics for The Arts Fuse have included Peter-Adrian Cohen, Maryann Corbett, Helen Epstein, Jim Kates, Bill Marx and Gerald Peary.
The Finnish language project was started in late 2002, but it remained at a very primitive stage until well into 2003.
Walk Score is a private company that provides walkability services and apartment search tools through a website and mobile applications.
Its performance on European charts led to EMI UK deciding against releasing the single there.
The website also features image galleries, audio files, and text files.
It officially replaced Directgov and the online services of Business Link on 17 October 2012.
The site currently only offers basic suggestions if content a user has "Loved", contains shared tags with content a user has not favorited yet.
These include synonyms, weather forecasts, time zones, stock quotes, maps, earthquake data, movie showtimes, airports, home listings, and sports scores.
The site was launched in beta in on November 12, 2007.
Each of ITV plc's channels, ITV, ITV2, ITV3, ITV4, and CITV has a page with information on its programming.
Since 2007, it has been owned by Automattic, who have integrated it into their WordPress.com blogging platform.
As of 2014, Infobel had a database that contained over 140 million telephone numbers.
Early after the site launch, it was awarded with Professional photography.com Impact Award and on July 14, 2002 won the Pro Site Award at Profotos.com.
It was developed by Alexis Bonte and George Lemnaru.
Since 2009, three million videos have been uploaded to WinkBall, attracting over 30 million views.
The Lortel Archives, or the Internet Off-Broadway Database is an online database that catalogues theatre productions shown off-Broadway.
Rivergages.com is a website run by the United States Army Corps of Engineers that shows the water level of lakes and rivers in the United States.
The service is available in the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, Austria, India, Japan, Italy, Spain, and France.
The site was censored in Russia in early 2014.
TeacherTube is a video sharing website similar to, and based on, YouTube.
BlogHer is a community and media company founded by Elisa Camahort Page, Jory des Jardins, and Lisa Stone in 2005.
eNotes is a student and teacher educational website founded in 1998, that provides material to help students complete homework assignments and study for exams.
TruthOrFiction.com is a "mythbusting" website about urban legends, Internet rumors, "erumors", e-mail forwards, and other questionable pictures or stories.
Problems are of varying difficulty but each is solvable in less than a minute using an efficient algorithm on a modestly powered computer.
Pak Telecom Mobile Limited or Ufone is a Pakistani GSM cellular service provider.
The writing mixes scientific analyses and theories of apocalyptic scenarios with dark humour relating to the end of times.
GameZombie TV's constructivist, project-based learning environment is a finalist for the MacArthur Foundation's 4th Annual Digital Media and Learning Competition
The building was judged to be Worst-worthy due to its bland render, poor-taste interior and palm trees.
The web site cooperates closely with business news & legal weekday newspaper Dziennik Gazeta Prawna, which is also one of INFOR Biznes's proprietaries.
It is aimed more toward consumers, rather than serious enthusiasts, with a simpler, easier-to-read review format than what's found on enthusiast websites.
WhatIfSports.com is a company based in Cincinnati, Ohio, U.S. that specializes in online sports simulations and fantasy-style games.
It specialises in breaking national and international news as well as entertainment, sport, lifestyle, travel, technology and finance.
Fastweb is an online scholarship matching and college search service.
Russian Journal is a primarily Russian language online publication founded by political scientist Gleb Pavlovsky and others.
ZipcodeZoo is a free, online encyclopedia intended to document all living species and infraspecies known to science.
Musopen Inc. is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization located in Tarzana, California, launched by Aaron Dunn in 2005.
It has received awards including 3G 2007, BREW 2007, Mashable!
Unlike user-driven sites like The Hype Machine and Pandora, Critical Metrics featured only expert-generated content.
Many Iranians used Balatarin to get the latest news about the opposition Green Movement that claimed the election was fraudulent.
Founded in 2005, BHL soon became the third broad digitization project for biodiversity literature, after Gallica and AnimalBase.
The study and practice of organizing, preserving, and providing access to information and materials in archives is called archival science.
In January 2009, Obama appointed Stanton to the newly created position of Director of Citizen Participation.
Rock, Paper, Shotgun created an article around an Adventure Gaming Classic interview and retrospective and referred to it as an "excellent piece".
Following the first domain loss, Sci-Hub has cycled through a number of domains, some of which have been blocked in certain countries.
Each site, while alike in appearance, has separate editorial teams, each focused on its respective market.
SmugMug is a paid photo-sharing website and image hosting service which allows users to upload both HD photos and videos to their SmugMug sites.
For each week, video lectures, reading materials, and quizzes are produced and presented in a learning sequence.
They can also browse other users' sets for inspiration, share sets with friends and interact with people through comments and likes.
The current portal is Disney's second effort at a web portal, the first being ended with the loss of go.com.
Naked Apartments is a website-based business that connects apartment renters in New York City, United States, with real estate brokers and landlords.
Under30CEO is a news and trend media site offering young entrepreneurs the tools and resources to succeed.
They were integral to the webcast on New Year's Eve 1999 that broadcast the turn of the new millennium.
As of August 2017, there are 2,853,000 users, 162 admins and 52,238 files on the French Wikipedia.
Calgary Puck, also known as "CP", "CalP" and "CPuckers" is visited by thousands of people every day.
Factories may either make discrete products or some type of material continuously produced such as chemicals, pulp and paper, or refined oil products.
Additionally, Quamut guides are sold online as PDFs, and a selection are available for purchase as laminated charts in Barnes & Noble stores and from bn.com.
When referring to historical records or the places they are kept, the plural form archives is chiefly used.
Search results can be displayed on a map and sorted and filtered by various criteria.
Bob Wilson, long time WLIR employee and historian, created the WLIR.FM website and programs the music playlist.
Since its creation, the Ossetian Wikipedia has been called "what is perhaps the only website written entirely in Ossetian."
The platform uses a proprietary algorithm to analyze user profiles and provide suggestions for potential band members and industry professional connections.
It is currently one of four language editions of Wikipedia in Niger–Congo languages with over 1,000 articles.
LibraryThing is a social cataloging web application for storing and sharing book catalogs and various types of book metadata.
She originally started writing online in 2003 while also working as an art therapist, and she eventually began the Smitten Kitchen blog in 2006.
About 6.50% of the people visit this site from search engines.
It also investigates new and changing memes through research, as it commercializes on the culture.
The following is a list of types of websites
It was first released on 28 September 2009, a week after the album's lead single "Every Morning".
Formerly known as Recipezaar, and originally as Cookpoint, Food.com was created in 1999 outside of Seattle, Washington by two ex-Microsoft technologists.
The site is supported by the OpenStreetMap Foundation, a non-profit organisation registered in England and Wales.
The network was launched on September 9, 2010 .
Though there are many online collections of quotations, Wikiquote is distinguished by being among the few that provide an opportunity for visitors to contribute.
CityFalcon collects the latest financial information from more than 200 financial sources, excludes the irrelevant and duplicated stories, and rates news according to the unique algorithm.
In 2013 companies "SUP Media" and "Rambler-Afisha" united in the Combined company "Afisha.Rambler.SUP".
It allows users to search for and instantly listen to any song from its collection of over 16 Million tracks.
ArmeniaNow was an independent online news publication based in Yerevan, Armenia.
In April 2016, the project had 4657 active editors who made at least five edits in that month.
The Utopia website was the first Internet portal providing up-to-date pan-Asian information in a non-pornographic format.
The Malaria Control Project was the first and the only grid computing project ran by Africa@home.
Watchdog.org is a network of American news websites that features reporting on state and local government from a conservative perspective.
According to the website, FFI was founded by an Iranian residing in Canada, known as Ali Sina.
BBC Domesday Reloaded is a local history web site for the digitised content of the BBC's 1986 Domesday Project.
DuckDuckGo is an Internet search engine that emphasizes protecting searchers' privacy and avoiding the filter bubble of personalized search results.
Although they originated on Nerve, Nerve Personals are now part of a larger network of over 100 websites and print publications.
This percentage does not represent an actual percentage of conformance as the test does not really keep track of the subtests that were actually started.
On April 15, 2016, Under30CEO was acquired by Rich20Something Media, Inc.
The company won a major lawsuit filed by Universal Music Group concerning use of Universal's pre-1972 recordings.
Mugurdy, created by Software du Jour, is the first company to enter the Guinness Enterprise Centre’s Microsoft BizSpark cluster.
Other examples of independent RPG Advocacy sites which have been cited in the media include the Shakespearean Eclectic Archive and the GAMA "Gaming & Education" site.
Cinapse is an English-language blog dedicated to movie reviews, home video reviews, editorials, interviews, film discovery and appreciation.
About eighteen months before its dissolution by its parent company, Mochi Media discontinued its virtual currency and replaced it with Ninja Kiwi's virtual currency.
Isla presidencial is an adult web animation page from Venezuela.
Exante Diet launched in the UK, in 2008, with a diet similar to that of US firm Lighter Life.
Kinja is a free online news aggregator, launched in April 2004.
MyFreeImplants is a website based on the social networking model.
According to Alexa.com, it is one of the 1000 most visited websites worldwide.
PressPlay was the name of an online music store that operated from December 2001 until March 2003.
They reveal the Earth from above and the Space from below.
[1] After several month, Wikibaseball teamed up with Chinese Taipei Baseball Association to digitize their relic.
Following the ECA acquisition, GamePolitics was migrated to the Drupal CMS format.
Originally conceived as an archive to store useful or important historical texts, it has expanded to become a general-content library.
According to an article in The Moscow Times an influence on their recent success has been loyalty to the Kremlin.
Hill-Holder is a name for the mechanism invented by Wagner Electric and manufactured by Bendix Brake Company in South Bend, Indiana.
Originally established in 1995 as SoccerNet, the website was acquired by ESPN in 1999.
As of June 2014, Wikipedia has an Alexa ranking of 6 and 5.06% of those visits are to the French-language edition.
Lexum is a member of the Free Access to Law Movement.
It currently contains over 5 million pages.
MyBnk has been described as an award-winning charity specialising in teaching young people how to manage their money.
Interviews, reviews and news are published in French or English.
On 18 January 2016, Friends Reunited revealed that it would be closing down the website after 16 years of operation.
In his book Linux Kernel Development, Robert Love notes:
It is one of the most widely read blogs in New Zealand.
The articles are written in non-technical language and are intended to be useful to students, educators, scholars, and professionals, as well as to the general public.
Under its previous names, the CBC's online service first went live in 1993.
Gutefrage.net is a German question and answer website that was founded in July 2006.
As of October, 2016, a teaser with the tagline "Something wicked this way comes... returning in 2017" appeared on Tribune's site Screener.
It also rates foundation program officers by their performance, rather than by the nonprofits they fund.
Project creators posted pitches for new projects, which could be media, events or objects.
The firm has also partnered with VC-backed SinglePlatform to offer in-app menus for more than 12,000 of its 14,000 selected restaurants.
Roger Friedman started the website after over 20 years writing about the entertainment industry.
Limited parts of the site are offered in French, Italian, Spanish and German.
Unregistered users can instantly retrieve files sizes of 1 MB.
The website states that it is an "internationally recognized news website read by more than 40 million unique visitors each month."
Lexipedia is an online visual semantic network with dictionary and thesaurus reference functionality built on Vantage Learning's Multilingual ConceptNet.
For more complex products, the team will also be composed of professionals from other areas like engineers, advertising specialists, and others as required.
The work is designed to be principally non-linear, with users constructing the story through point-and-click choices.
Additionally, the site has a specialized focus on local Canadian music.
The site accepts words that have been made up on the spot, including words defined with a humorous intent.
FilGoal.com is published in Arabic and English.
Streamroot’s technology is based on a JavaScript library integrated with various online video players.
The site shut down on May 22, 2014, following reports of copyright infringement.
Several peripherals have been released, including wireless controllers, expanded hard drive storage, and the Kinect motion sensing camera.
As of March 2017, the site is ranked 165th in the Alexa global rank.
Swazi Media Commentary is a blog written by former Associate Professor in journalism and mass communication at the University of Swaziland, Richard Rooney.
Instapundit is a libertarian blog maintained by Glenn Reynolds, a law professor at the University of Tennessee.
Opinion Stage is an online interactive content creation service integrating social networks and online advertising.
VersionTracker was a website that tracked software releases.
StepStone is part of the job board portfolio of Axel Springer Digital Classifieds GmbH.
On December 2, 2015, Google announced Songza would merge into Google Play Music on January 31, 2016.
Founded in 2004, it was reported to be the 2nd largest social network after Myspace by 2007.
Crawlers can validate hyperlinks and HTML code.
It is now owned by The Media Team.
The journalists, writers, artists, communicators, and entrepreneurs involved aimed to interpret the social, political, cultural, and economic realities that affect the black community.
The website promotes wearing of Hanfu(traditional dress), and a han-centred view of Chinese history.
MediaFire is a file hosting, file synchronization, and cloud storage service based in Shenandoah, Texas, United States.
Killer Minnow is a visual effects, design, and animation company based in New London, Connecticut.
43 Things was a social networking website established as an online goal setting community.
The website caters specifically for the computer hardware enthusiast market, providing reviews and articles on higher end hardware and games.
XVideos is a free pornographic video sharing and viewing website registered to the Polish company, WGCZ Holding.
Their tracker handled requests and tracks videos, audio files, Islamic lectures, Quran files, Islamic software, books and particularly documentaries relating to Islam.
Paid users had access to a streamlined download process and the VersionTracker Pro software application.
Ekşi Sözlük does not accept new authors regularly; there are specific times in which new authors are accepted.
It was launched in April 2008 and is endorsed by the Avon and Somerset Constabulary, with which the information is shared.
EzineArticles is a website that accepts unpaid submissions from authors, in exchange for links to the authors' websites and visibility for their work.
It was started on 11 May 2001.
It is the first news website in Korea to accept, edit and publish articles from its readers, in an open source style of news reporting.
Ynet is an Israeli news and general content website, which is the online outlet for Yedioth Ahronot.
Apple sold the paper to Samara Gordon in 2015.
In 2010, the paper began a membership program that allows readers to subscribe.
The site covers a range of subjects as a long-form blog.
Basic company information is available as open data in XML or JSON format.
Started in March 2000, the site has expanded to contain a wide range of information on the subject of digital video encoding and DVD backup.
Some of their articles on the more mass market products like mobile phones are syndicated by CNNMoney.
Since 1996 Literary Kicks has hosted poetry readings in New York City and other venues across the United States.
Worldcrunch is a Paris-based English language news website that curates and translates news from international media sources or partner organizations.
In March 2013, TVGuide.com was acquired by CBS Interactive, transferring control of TVShowsOnDVD.com to the new owners.
Asianfanfics.com is an automated fan fiction archive site.
It relaunched as a smaller service several months later and was ultimately shut down at the end of 2010.
In addition, the Russian Wikipedia is the largest Wikipedia written in Cyrillic or in a script other than Latin script.
On August 2, 2007, the domain name was donated to The Pirate Bay, who relaunched the site on August 21, 2007.
By 2009, throughput was estimated to be much higher.
The service was founded as a hobby in 2006 by two Swedish aviation enthusiasts.
Since 2003 there is also a portal that specializes in rock bands.
The site is commonly used by the male gay community to seek friendship, dating, clubs and other related LGBT themes.
According to Alexa, as of 5 April 2009, Clubic is the 1,433 most visited website in the world, and the 79th in France.
In 2010, DailyFill became its own entity.
Full name — "Open Joint Stock Company Russian Railways" with headquarters in Moscow at Novaya Basmannaya str., 2.
Finance is a media property that is part of Yahoo!
Started in December 2002, as of 5 August 2017 this edition has 296,329 articles and is the 29th largest Wikipedia edition.
In August 2010, Odeo suspended its support of the consumer site odeo.com to focus its attention on enterprise video.
As of August 2017, this edition has about 23,100 articles and is the 108th largest Wikipedia by number of articles.
The web service currently supports Internet Explorer 7 and later or Firefox 3.5 and later.
The print publication "Mobile" ceased publication as of November 2005 due to undetermined reasons and the domain name MobileMagazine.com was transferred to Pilato Private Consulting.
Yandex Search is a web search engine owned by Russian corporation Yandex.
Nic Dafis retired as administrator of the website on 31 December 2007, handing over control to Hedd Gwynfor, a grandchild of Gwynfor Evans.
Utopia is a website with daily updating of information about LGBT culture in the countries of the Asia-Pacific region.
The sub-pages are known as "My(entertainment type)",.
The magazine's unabbreviated title is Cyber-Psychos And Other Diversities, with a subtitle of "The Magazine of Mental Aberrations".
On December 31, 2014, Smart TV manufacturer VIZIO acquired BuddyTV's parent Advanced Media Research Group, Inc., in order to expand content and service offerings.
The site was originally owned by PanLocal Media LLC.
Wikidata is a collaboratively edited knowledge base operated by the Wikimedia Foundation.
Wesabe announced June 30, 2010 that it was shutting down service on July 31, 2010.
KernelTrap was a computing news website which covered topics related to the development of free and open source operating system kernels, and especially, the Linux kernel.
The computer then compares the text to the base language models, trying to determine the meaning of an expression in the context of the text.
So far, the company has only focused on the Spanish market.
It is now run by owner/managing editor Marisa Roffman.
Gazeta became the first independent newspaper in Poland, while Agora grew into one of the largest and most renowned media companies in Poland.
The core service is free, with more features available for premium accounts.
The website was established by investigative reporter Yoav Yitzhak, who is the chief editor and contributing journalist.
Their coverage has also been praised by American music outlets such as Pitchfork  and NPR.
OpenBitTorrent is an open BitTorrent tracker project for the BitTorrent protocol.
150 million Qzone users update their accounts at least once a month.
The website's content is primarily composed of engineering forums.
Miso was a San Francisco based social television company that used a second screen app to enhance the TV viewing experience.
It is known as the first Arabic sports site on the Internet and one of the earliest Arabic sites in general.
A total of fourteen volumes were created in the series.
Programme clips are grouped into genres such as soaps, game shows, quiz shows, comedy, drama and cult.
Six-Word Memoirs is a project founded by the U.S.-based online storytelling magazine Smith Magazine.
The website may also be viewed in as many as eight different languages.
It is the host of the architecture and urban design publication Places and the podcast Design Matters with Debbie Millman.
It provides financial news, data and commentary including stock quotes, press releases, financial reports, and original content.
It was acquired by LinkedIn in 2012.
Betavine also contains a growing resources section with technical topics and APIs.
It has been active since 26 February 2002.
He has released three studio albums: What You See Is What You Get; Falling & Flying, which peaked at No.
The site launched on 14 April 2008.
It was created by Chris Cantalini in March 2005, and David Bartholow joined as a contributor in 2006.
Users on the site are identified through the Twitter API and events are shown to users based on their contacts on Twitter.
The style is by turns earnest and sarcastic.
Registered in September 2001, in Sacramento, California, Truthout publishes original political news articles, opinion pieces, video reports and artwork.
"In-Memory Data Management" taught by Hasso Plattner.
B3ta  is a popular British website, described as a "puerile digital arts community" by The Guardian.
letsrecycle.com is a UK-based website for reporting news and information related to the waste management and recycling industries.
The administration backend of the site was originally developed in HeiTML but later ported to early versions of PHP.
Google Moderator was a Google service that used crowdsourcing to rank user-submitted questions, suggestions and ideas.
Along with Hromadske TV and Center UA, Ukrayinska Pravda is part of the MediaHub Kyiv.
By calculating the speed of users along a length of road, Google is able to generate a live traffic map.
According to the rating of the company Alexa, as of August 2015 Onliner.by is among the top 10 most visited websites in Belarus.
Anyone can comment on a cause whether they have donated or not, and the pledge owner can respond to these comments, but not remove them.
In May 2014, Stuart Milne was appointed editor.
All online properties were also rebranded as G|League.
Its website uses ClipBucket, a video sharing script along with HTML5 and Adobe Flash to play user generated video content.
theCHIVE gained attention for a series of internet hoaxes that began in 2007 and were reported as true stories by mainstream media outlets.
Reno keeps an annual tally of several types of stories that occur on frequent basis each year, with three typifying much of the content.
It offers many different products and services that range from weekend dog care to basketball tickets.
Todayhumor frequently noted under the initialism 오유(OU), is a South Korean internet forum.
The scope of WikiLosRios is limited to subjects related to Los Ríos Region.
Most of these projects have since gone from web to print publication, from such publishers as HarperCollins, Pantheon, and Grand Central Publishing.
The internet network was first available to subscribers in the fall of 2013, and currently covers all eight of the Ivy League teams.
Individual lists are "edited by a team of scholars"; each has a board of editors.
To date, TSC is the largest online community of IT workers found anywhere on the web.
Qaiku was a micro-blogging and lifestreaming service comparable to Twitter and Jaiku.
Since 2004 all Alemannic dialects are accepted on als:wp.
At E3 2001, Nintendojo writer Nathan Heckel surprised the Nintendo senior staff by offering up the first question.
As of 18 February 2012, Gmane's homepage boasts inclusion of 129,592,482 messages in its archives, from a total of 20,070 mailing lists.
Launched in the late 1990s, it was owned by Ben Lovatt.
The site runs on the MediaWiki software.
As Whrrl dissipates, it is being speculated that Groupon will leverage location based social networking or "check-ins" on their popular group coupon site.
MovieCode is a website revealing the meanings of computer science source code depicted in film, established in January 2014.
The Encyclopedia of Life is a free, online collaborative encyclopedia intended to document all of the 1.9 million living species known to science.
MSN is based in the United States and offers international versions of its portal for dozens of countries around the world.
Automattic, Inc. is a web development corporation founded in August 2005.
Google Chrome Extensions are browser extensions that modify the Google Chrome browser.
SBR Odds is an odds review site and tool, which is used by bettors to compare betting odds.
Wikidata is powered by the software Wikibase.
When designers speak of graphic design they speak of it in terms of simplifying complexity so users do not feel overwhelmed when faced with complex systems.
The main purpose of WDYL is to get more of what you love by searching across numerous Google products with one click.
The Unreal Times has been referred to as The Onion of India, most notably by tech blog makeuseof.com.
An annual $50 subscription is required to access larger maps without watermarks.
During the campaign, WikiLeaks promoted conspiracy theories about Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party.
This is a list of people with Down syndrome, a condition also known as Down's syndrome or trisomy 21.
As of early 2014, Examiner.com was a property of Philip Anschutz-owned AEG, and announced it would be partnering closely with ticket merchant AXS.
Comparisons have been made to early-1990s AOL.
It is the largest Wikipedia written in any Slavic language, surpassing its nearest rival, the Polish Wikipedia, eightfold by the parameter of depth.
Google Shell is open source under the Artistic License/GPL.
It has 697 articles, which makes it the 257th largest Wikipedia.
Playboy.co.uk has editorial and video content that is advertiser-funded, including entertainment channels featuring movies, music, games, TV shows and sports.
A number of forum moderators and administrators also help maintain the site.
Break.com is an entertainment and humor website founded in 1998 that features comedy videos, flash games, and pictures among other material.
Some companies will also offer a geographic alternative if asked.
Patrick Starfish is a fictional character in the American animated television series SpongeBob SquarePants.
As of 6 August 2017 it has 1,374,337 articles and more than 1,538,080 registered accounts.
Levon Grigori Aronian is an Armenian chess Grandmaster.
GazoPa was an image search engine that used features from an image to search for and identify similar images which closed in 2011.
FindLaw is a business of Thomson Reuters that provides online legal information and online marketing services for law firms.
Users own and customize their own channels for their video content, and they receive the ad revenue from advertising on their channel.
In January 2010 The Local acquired thelocal.com from First Quench Retailing, a UK alcohol retailer which went into administration at the end of 2009.
Other journalists, not necessarily identified with the left, have also made positive comments about the group, although it has come into conflict with others.
Zone-H is the largest web intrusions archive.
As of January 2012 It had 4.5 million visitors per month.
World Hum features a Travel Blog, How To's, Book Reviews, Q&A, and travel dispatches.
Coverage in 2008 included personal narratives of election day and breaking updates during the Mumbai terrorist attacks.
It was officially launched on 26 October 2006 with the Swedish-language edition.
Levin has stated that "everything is researched and vetted for accuracy."
Climate Central's President and CEO is Paul Hanle.
ScienceBlogs is an invitation-only blog network and virtual community.
Established in 2011, it is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea with reporters in Washington, DC and London.
The project was started on April 14, 2005, abandoned for a while and then moved to Wikia.
It also features Korean entertainment news on such topics such as preproduction and casting.
Sports, FoxSports.com, NFL.com, CBSSports.com, Sports Illustrated and Sirius XM Radio.
Users are asked to refrain from using it if it is illegal in their countries.
However, other features were removed, such as column widths and one click delete-move-to-next.
The Socialist Voice was also the name of a paper published by the Socialist Party of Ireland in Belfast.
Songs could not be transferred to a portable player.
1in.am is available in three languages, Armenian, Russian and English.
As of July 2017, the site shows the following numbers:
They acquired the StageHD.com domain, and are currently forwarding all page requests to their video portal.
The website launched in June 2009, announced by Alon Halevy and Rebecca Shapley.
In addition to short stories, Flurb featured paintings and photography by Rucker.
It was made by an MIT university student going by the alias of Dr. Michael Wong Chang.
Since the founding of the website in 2003, Spirit of Metal is available in 9 languages.
The site also includes extensive coverage of the history of working class political and organized labor movements.
It was the parent company of Tested, Screened, and Anime Vice, and the former parent company of Giant Bomb and Comic Vine.
YY is a major Chinese video-based social network with over 300 million users.
The site is notable for its compilation releases and interviews with artists such as Tiësto, Ferry Corsten and Armin van Buuren.
Parts of the ED community harshly criticized the changes.
Trance.nu is an independent English trance-oriented music site including news, reviews, interviews and forums.
CloudForge is a software-as-a-service product for application development tools and services, such as Git hosting, Subversion hosting, issue trackers and Application Lifecycle Management.
Wotif.com is a website that provides a reservation service for hotels in Australia and international destinations across the globe.
He is popularly known as "John Williams."
This is colloquially referred to as the website being "farked" by the community.
This share has gradually declined from more than 50 percent in 2003, due to the growth of Wikipedias in other languages.
Sociabl is an online platform that allows people to purchase experiences with celebrities, with a portion of funds go to charities.
The main sections of the site are the forum, the "one2one" help, and original guides.
The site's original slogan was "New post every Monday and Thursday".
Amazon markets AWS to subscribers as a way of obtaining large scale computing capacity more quickly and cheaply than building an actual physical server farm.
It has previously won both the Judges' award and the People's Voice award for best news site at the annual Webby Awards.
This means that all agencies and institutions have their respective name in addition to the subdomain europa.eu as a standard Web address.
Western Punjabi Wikipedia and Eastern Punjabi Wikipedia.
SLAY Radio has been featured in numerous articles in news papers such as Mikrobitti, GT, Computer Total and on Sveriges Radio.
The ALA is being use to help assess suitability of revegetation projects by determining species vulnerability to climatic and atmospheric change.
Norge.no is a web guide for citizens to online public services in Norway.
It contains "Wikipedia style" articles on controversial actions and ethical concerns raised since the Conservative Party of Canada has taken power in 2006.
Started and staffed by university students, the project was endorsed by several organizations and prominent individuals.
The site contains a mixture of classroom teaching resources and others designed to aid teacher training.
When the Valleyschwag service received over 1,500 subscribers, its customer service requirements increased dramatically.
Adeney writes about personal finance and frugal living, describing himself as enjoying "a frugal yet Badass life of leisure".
They can also create their own groups of book suggestions, surveys/polls, blogs, and discussions.
It has been named one of the five best celebrity news websites by a Chicago Tribune writer.
It is a project of the Franklin Center for Government and Public Integrity, an online news organization.
Nintendojo is the oldest Nintendo-specific fansite still in existence, having been founded by Peer Schneider in September 1996.
AlphaGalileo is a business-to-business science news service founded in 1998.
Zumbl was an online chat service where users could converse with strangers anonymously.
The case received widespread news media attention.
Former University President and former U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates has posted as "Ranger65".
Search, which Bing largely powers, has 12.5%.
It has a daily readership of over 2,500,000, the highest in Spain for a daily newspaper, and more than half of sports readership.
The magazine Anthrazit declared myScience.ch as being one of the 200 best websites in Switzerland in 2009.
Its seven blogs were joined on March 14, 2006, by a new comment section, "Comment is free", which has since merged into its Opinion section.
Films can be rated, reviewed, and tagged with relevant keywords.
It was handed over to Demand Media in 2007 and underwent a major redesign in 2016.
It does not evaluate a browser's conformance to other web standards, such as Cascading Style Sheets, ECMAScript, Scalable Vector Graphics, or the Document Object Model.
The counter is run by a nonprofit membership organization called the Linux Counter Project.
Gerald McCormack has worked for the Cook Islands Government since 1980.
TopoZone offered aerial photographs from the USGS and street maps from the United States Census Bureau.
2010: Volume 3 explores Borderlines in/of Psychoanalysis.
The mentalis is a paired central muscle of the lower lip, situated at the tip of the chin.
The engine does not use technologies and solutions such as OCR, tags, vocabulary trees.
As of January 1, 2016, it is rated the 9th most frequently visited website in Hong Kong.
Cann Creative later partnered with Advergamer, a company from London, England to further develop Stick Cricket into an internet phenomenon.
It centers on sharing of user generated contents such as applications and artwork under free and liberal licensing.
Even before it was launched, the restrictions meant the service was not attractive to consumers.
Along with the new name the site also got a "new look, feel, and direction".
Open Badges is the name of a group of specifications and open technical standards originally developed by the Mozilla Foundation with funding from the MacArthur Foundation.
Employees of FriendFeed created the Simple Update Protocol to reduce the load put on sites by aggregators such as theirs.
Map24 was a free online mapping service, providing street level maps and driving directions for many parts of the world.
This comprehensive history of Broadway provides records of productions from the beginnings of New York theatre in the 18th century up to today.
It is also a web portal to other Fairfax websites.
ReadWriteWeb described wykop as a "clone" of Digg.
Damai is the largest entertainment ticketing website in China and successfully raised its daily peak conversion rate to over 10%.
The blog features the writing of contemporary philosophers and other thinkers on issues both timely and timeless.
Some of the services consume virtual money.
The services uses a custom API to scrape listings from several markets such as Alpha Bay and others, to return search listings.
The site is a division of One of Us, Inc.
Broadway Baby is an online and printed review guide first published in 2004 and is the largest reviewing publication at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe.
At that time, the site had over 1900 volunteer moderators.
FrienditePlus is Africa's Largest social platform that allows people to instantly meet friends online, share moments and become part of an active community.
Karlsruher Virtueller Katalog is a book search engine administered by the library of the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology.
On November 19, 2007 the district court ordered the site to be shut down, requested by several copyright holder advocates.
For these reasons, documents and illustrations are often stored or transmitted as 2D graphic files.
Growing somewhat bored of writing video game reviews, McCauley created GamePolitics in order to track the political, legal and cultural impact of video games.
On 20 November 2009, the Brizzly team announced that it was in open beta.
The Beijing Second Intermediate People's Court ordered Oak Pacific to cease all use of kaixin.com and pay 400,000 renminbi in damages.
In February 2015 the site was taken offline.
The site's staff, led by Roggio, use international media sources plus contacts in the United States intelligence community for information for their reports.
The Marco Polo Cycling Club was founded in December 2000 by Nathan Dahlberg, Anno Pedersen, Gudo Kramer and Remko Kramer.
Launched in 1998, AlterNet claims a readership of over 5.9 million visitors per month, though the web ratings service Quantcast estimates that it receives 1.3 million.
The website has been featured in a number of technology blogs.
Coverage has expanded to include impacts of gaming on culture, architecture and law.
TwitPic was a website and app that allowed users to post pictures to the Twitter microblogging service.
The site has raised over $190,537,000 for its users.
WikiEducator is an international online community project for the collaborative development of learning materials, which educators are free to reuse, adapt and share without restriction.
3 on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified 4× platinum.
The Bulgarian Wikipedia is the Bulgarian-language edition of Wikipedia.
In November 2006 DSI was reportedly used to organise what has been described as the biggest flash mob ever in Paddington Station, London, UK.
The quiz was taken down after that incident.
Web shoppers could locate, compare and transact millions of products from across the Internet shopping mall through one window.
The code is currently hosted on Google Code.
Web Components consist of 4 main features which can be used separately or all together:
It developed a popular iPhone application and has a website similar to Google-owned Zagat, Yelp, and IAC/InterActiveCorp-owned Urbanspoon.
HackBB was a Tor hidden service Internet forum specializing in buying stolen credit cards, skimming ATMs, and hacking computers, servers and accounts.
Registered users can rate movies, find recommended films based on their personal ratings, create any kind of movie lists and —in the Spanish version— write reviews.
As of May 2008, it attracts over 37 million page views a month.
The Transcriptions Center has an open call for anyone wanting to join in on transcribing documents for their many projects.
For more information, please read the Letter from the Editor.
Clubic is a French web site owned by M6web.
There are cases in NCLT involving disputes among minority shareholders: Sanjeev Gupta and Astro Entertainment Network Ltd.
Begun in October 2002, it now has 31572 articles, making it the 92nd largest Wikipedia.
South Wales Echo, based in Cardiff, Wales
t is part of the Bravofly Rumbo Group, a Swiss-based provider in the online travel industry.
They track Palestinian fatalities during the ongoing conflict on a fact sheet.
He has addressed at length the scam embedded in auction-rate securities.
It was originally launched as part of the Gawker Media network run by Nick Denton, and runs on the Kinja platform.
SoundCtrl is a blog based in New York City aimed at covering developments in music and technology.
The sniper rifle often abbreviated as HTR 2000 or 338.
Qaym is an Arabic-language review site specialized at user-based reviews on restaurants around the world.
The site was a way for Chinese people to access the popular search engine, which is banned in the country.
The main differences between Huuto.net and eBay are:
Huuto.net is a Finnish online auction similar to the international eBay or the Swedish Tradera.
Roggio is the managing editor of the journal and Thomas Joscelyn is senior editor.
Onkosh provides the following search sections :
The website came up originally in 2003.
About 100 million messages are posted each day on Sina Weibo.
Wesabe was a personal finance management website established in December 2005 that analyzed a user's financial data to provide appropriate advice on how to save money.
With thousands of articles, reviews, profiles, event listings, and multimedia content, CNI is a unique and exciting resource.
These were initially based on Brummitt & Powell, but new names and abbreviations are constantly added.
Former Radio Zid - Sarajevo changed its name to current Radio Sarajevo).
He is considered to be one of the Great Four of Egyptian and Arabic music.
Onkosh was an Orascom Telecom product that functioned as a search portal for the Arabic Web.
Most recently, at the 2015 YNOT Awards, Flirt4Free was voted the coveted "Best Live Cam Site", solidifying their excellence in the live web cam business.
Mind42 is an online mind mapping application that allows users to visualize their thinking using the proven mind mapping method.
The European Library ceases operation on 2016-12-31.
In May 2012, Gameplanet acquired AustralianGamer and redirected the domain to the Australian Gameplanet domain.
eSnipe's founder placed the site for sale on eBay in December 2000.
Tens of thousands  of Iranians demonstrated in Tehran and subverted the government-sanctioned anti-Israeli demonstration into a rally against the Iranian regime.
            
It has the second-largest number of edits.
The group's website describes the JIDF as a "private, independent, non-violent protest organization representing a collective of activists".
UNdata is an Internet search engine, retrieving data series from statistical databases provided by the UN System.
Past releases include sci-fi series Pioneer One, The Yes Men Fix the World and Zenith.
The Occitan version of Wikipedia had 85,475 articles on 18 October 2013.
Waiter Rant has also been translated into Chinese, German, Italian, Portuguese and Spanish.
Users can also comment on, collect, tag and share their favorite comics.
retroCRUSH has been a web site since March 2001 and is written and operated by Robert Berry.
The company's development center is located in Herzliya Pituah.
Justin.tv was a website created by Justin Kan, Emmett Shear, Michael Seibel and Kyle Vogt in 2007 to allow anyone to broadcast video online.
The spirit of the original WLIR is maintained with the music mix and the personalities, such as Larry the Duck, Malibu Sue, Andre and Rob Rush.
The service was founded in 2006, and had over 200,000 daily visitors in 2011.
Sareen, who prior to founding Omni United, was an entrepreneur in the e-commerce industry .
PlanetPhysics is also a free, collaborative, online physics, mathematical physics, computational physics and physical mathematics project, including original articles, lectures, books and encyclopedia entries.
Started in June 2004, daviswiki.org is a wiki based in Davis, California about the people, events, universities, bands, places and other things of the city.
The aim of the site is to present views from a range of people and perspectives in the Liberal Democrats.
The site was called a "CGM video hosting site" and "The third force" different from YouTube and Nico Nico Douga.
It was the second most popular torrent website in 2012 and again in 2015.
The East Asian Bureau of Economic Research is a forum for economic research and analysis of the major issues facing the economies of East Asia.
It was acquired by Google during January, 2011.
ABBAMAIL was an ABBA fan organisation on the Internet, based in Sydney, Australia.
It was initially established in 2010 and officially launched in 2012.
The site is inspired by the film review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, whose cofounder Patrick Lee was an early investor in the venture.
The Unsigned Band Web is an online music community for unsigned bands to showcase their songs and develop a following.
Users can upload files privately or publicly in the following file formats: PowerPoint, PDF, Keynote or OpenDocument presentations.
VersionTracker did not host the majority of the software listed - it merely linked to them.
The program had since been extended annually since its inception, but terminated on 30 June 2017.
Azerisport.com is an Azerbaijani sports news website launched by Vugar Zeynalov on November 22, 2006.
The company currently has 3,243 partners worldwide in countries including the US, Canada, South Africa, Australia and all European regions.
BeautifulPeople launched a satirical campaign in support of same-sex marriage in the United States in June 2012 by producing images using look a likes.
eFestivals is a website listing music festivals; hosting information on line-ups, interviews, photographs and live reviews.
The website's purpose is to demonstrate to its readers that, like them, there are many average people in the world.
Learning does not happen all at once, but it builds upon and is shaped by previous knowledge.
It has also been compared with Infos du Monde and L'Examineur.
FindArticles' SEO value—i.e., the frequency with which its articles appear as search engine results—likely factored into the final purchase price.
All maps and aerial photographs at Geoportail may be combined and viewed in transparent layers controlled by the user.
It was later merged into The Huffington Post's Politics section.
Motorsport.com is a website specializing in motor racing news.
Apart from the supported products, the System Center Advisor agent needs .NET Framework 3.5.
Cashiers du Cinemart is an American magazine and a webzine about independent film, published and edited by Mike White.
However, the disease was to be named after Robert Foster Kennedy, who provided a more comprehensive account of the disorder.
Inquisitr is an aggregate news and media website owned by Daniel Treisman, an Israeli businessman who relaunched the website in 2011.
At the start of 2014, the dictionary featured over seven million definitions, while 2,000 new daily entries were being added.
For example, the newspaper does not accept advertising that violates church standards.
MediaFire has 43 million registered users and attracted 1.3 billion unique visitors to its domain in 2012.
It premiered at a festival commemorating the centenary of Ozu's birth.
Users can then use this application to update those sites from their desktop and view a consolidated stream of information.
It also had sections on economic & political issues, technology and translations of Urdu and Hindi poetry.
It was praised as the "Pitchfork of Latin Music" and as "hands down the best go-to music site for indie music out of America and Spain."
Any improvements required for articles to reach a standard suitable for Veropedia had to be done on Wikipedia itself.
Singersroom is a online music magazine devoted to news, reviews, interviews, music, videos, lifestyle and fashion trends on R&B and urban-pop culture.
It was founded by Yossi Meiri and Yonatan Gal.
Horseed Media is a news organization based in Puntland, Somalia.
Synced Online's official beta launch date with the public domain took place on August 25, 2016.
Glogster encourages interactive, collaborative education and digital literacy.
Friend Connect was removed for all non-Blogger sites by March 1, 2012, and for Blogger sites on January 11, 2016.
Since July 2013, Allociné has been owned by FIMALAC, a French holding company.
Since its founding,10.3 million euros have been invested in growth companies via Invesdor.
BookMooch is an international, on-line book exchange community founded by John Buckman in 2006.
The site was launched in November 1999.
The project now designs, develops, and releases over 125 free interactive simulations for educational use in the fields of physics, chemistry, biology, earth science, and mathematics.
Founded on 15 January 2001, it is the first edition of Wikipedia and, as of June 2017, has the most articles of any of the editions.
The story revolves around three adolescent girls who transform into the elemental 'Nanas' and fight against monsters.
Playahead was a large Internet community mainly aimed at Swedish teenagers.
Dark Horizons is dedicated to news, interviews, rumors, and reviews of upcoming and currently playing films and television projects.
It has been edited about 999,632 times.
CityCaucus.com was a well-known online multi-author blog focused on coverage of Vancouver municipal civic affairs.
This edition was started on 11 May 2001 and contains more than 211,000 articles as of August 2017.
In 2009, the website released a video titled Everything is Terrible!
