The following month, he won the WWE Intercontinental Championship for the first time, and won it for the second time in July 2007.
In Shine, she has previously held both the Shine Championship and the Shine Tag Team Championship with Leva Bates.
Houshang Montazeralzohour was an Iranian Greco-Roman wrestler who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Koichiro Kimura was a Japanese mixed martial artist and professional wrestler, also known for the ring name Super Uchuu Power.
He was posthumously inducted into the WCW Hall of Fame in 1995 and the WWE Hall of Fame in 2004.
He also wrestled for House of Glory, where he was the inaugural HOG World Heavyweight Champion.
His younger brother Meisam is an Olympian too.
He has also worked as a trainer.
He is currently signed to WWE, where he performs in their developmental territory NXT under the ring name Shane Thorne.
He discovered in the course of the promotion that friends H.C. Loc and Big Poppa Chill were training to be wrestlers.
At WrestleMania XXV, Colón and his brother, Primo, became the only tag team to unify the WWE Tag Team Championship and World Tag Team Championship.
Delay wrestles for many promotions, including Full Impact Pro, NWA Anarchy and the Christian Wrestling Federation.
In 2012, Sandow returned to WWE's main roster as an arrogant intellectual.
Brandi Alexis Runnels, known professionally as Brandi Rhodes, is an American professional wrestler, model, former ring announcer, news presenter and figure skater.
Randy Thornton is an American former football player and professional wrestler.
José Luis Rodríguez Arellano is a Mexican Luchador Enmascarado who wrestles under the ring name Dos Caras.
In 2010 he became Military World Champion.
As a professional wrestler, he trained at Ohio Valley Wrestling.
He is a seven-time world champion, having held the WWF World Heavyweight Championship five times and the WCW World Heavyweight Championship twice.
Stevens was a wrestling superstar since the early years of the television era until he retired during the early 1990s.
He worked as a security guard in Vancouver, British Columbia, until being arrested in May 2009 for conspiracy to commit murder.
Ali Ashkani Aghbolagh is a retired amateur Iranian Greco-Roman wrestler and currently coach of Iranian Greco-Roman wrestling, who competed in the men's lightweight category.
Lacey is considered one of ROH's Women of Honor, a title taken from the Straight Shootin' shoot interview of the same name she featured in.
Rude also challenged for the WWF World Heavyweight Championship and the NWA World Heavyweight Championship on pay-per-view.
While in FCW, she managed her cousin, DH Smith, and her boyfriend, TJ Wilson.
He competes for several promotions on the independent circuit, including Derby City Wrestling, Ohio Championship Wrestling and Ohio Valley Wrestling.
He was billed at 5'9", 188 lbs, originating from Tokyo, Japan and his debut match was against Omega Sin on November 9, 1992 in Arlington, Texas.
Flash's most recent success outside of CZW has transpired in IWA Mid-South.
The word "thump," which referred to JYD's powerslam, was prominently displayed on his wrestling trunks.
Harvey Maurice Evers was an American professional wrestler best known by his ring name, Rip Hawk.
Although he spent most of his life in Scotland, Hoy was born in Enniskillen in Northern Ireland.
Lawrence Robert Shreve, better known by the ring name Abdullah the Butcher, is a semi-retired Canadian professional wrestler.
He and Bogni were particularly active in the Charlotte-area where they feuded with "The Flying Scotts".
He is currently signed with Ring of Honor and working for New Japan Pro Wrestling.
On March 22, 2009, Palomeque was found dead in a river near El Rosario, Sinaloa; the official cause of death was listed as drowning.
Raymond Fernandez was a professional wrestler who primarily wrestled in Florida and Texas before joining the World Wrestling Federation.
He works for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre, portraying a tecnico wrestling character.
The character was reinvented as a biker during a period in the early 2000s before returning to his previous gimmick in 2004.
Smith won titles within the WWF in three decades, from the 1980s to the 2000s.
Costello and Heffernan are also regarded as one of the top tag teams to ever compete in professional wrestling.
Jesús Cristóbal Martínez Rodriguez is a Mexican Luchador who is best known as El Zorro.
In June 2017, Carmella became the winner of the inaugural women's Money in the Bank ladder match.
Eugene Stanley Zygowicz was an American professional wrestler best known by his ring name Gene Stanlee.
As a wrestler she was a villain, who often teamed with her mentor Dump Matsumoto.
Mark Ashford-Smith was an English professional wrestler best known by his ring name Mark Starr.
In the 1990s, he debuted in the World Wrestling Federation, where he managed wrestlers such as Sid Justice, Kamala, Giant Gonzalez and Bertha Faye.
He is currently working for New Japan Pro-Wrestling as Davey Boy Smith Jr., regularly teaming with Lance Archer as the Killer Elite Squad.
He was defeated by Yowlys Bonne of Cuba in the first round.
He currently works with WWE as the head of the road agents/producers.
Jeff Farmer is an American retired professional wrestler.
He later wrestled as part of The Extreme Freebird alliance.
Jullián Carrillo is a Mexican luchador, or professiona' wrestler best known under the ring name Venum Black or simply Venum.
Aside from wrestling, Moore is also a tattoo artist, and used to own a tattoo parlor known as Gas Chamber Ink in Southern Pines, North Carolina.
She was also influential in helping lift the ban of women's wrestling in the state of New York.
As Super Crazy, Islas gained American exposure by working for Extreme Championship Wrestling between 1998 and 2000 and for World Wrestling Entertainment between 2005 and 2008.
Reyes changed his name from Hijo del Pierroth to Pierko el Boricua after Pierroth, Jr. withdrew his endorsement for the various Pierroths in wrestling.
This article is about the unmasked AAA wrestler, not the masked wrestler who works for Paragon Pro Wrestling
Curtis Piehau Iaukea III was a professional wrestler better known as King Curtis Iaukea.
Later that year, he won the World Heavyweight Championship at CyberSlam and held it for five months.
He currently portrays the Sin Cara character and was formerly known as Hunico in WWE.
In 2004, he and Akuma met in the opening round of Chikara's Young Lions Cup tournament.
His greatest contribution to the art was as a promoter and trainer.
Houston's father Grizzly Smith was also a professional wrestler, as was his half-brother Jake Roberts and his sister Rockin' Robin.
Yvon Robert was a French Canadian professional wrestler who was best known to fans as Yvon "The Lion" Robert.
He has also worked for Ring of Honor and New Japan Pro Wrestling.
From October 14, 2007 until February 17, 2008, Tomko simultaneously held the IWGP Tag Team Championship and TNA World Tag Team Championship.
He is also known for his appearances under the ring name Scotty Charisma.
Brooke took an early interest in music, and began working on her first studio album in 2002.
Moretti did, however, co-host WWE Experience, and served as one of the trainers on WWE Tough Enough.
Tommy Chesbro was an Oklahoma State University all-star wrestler and coach.
Dallas Page, better known by his ring name Diamond Dallas Page, is an American semi-retired professional wrestler, fitness instructor, motivational speaker and actor.
Akio Sato is a retired professional wrestler, best known for his appearances in the World Wrestling Federation as Sato, a member of The Orient Express.
His real name is not a matter of public record as is often the case with masked wrestlers in Mexico.
Nonetheless, DiBiase frequently headlined WWF cards, including WrestleMania IV and the first ever SummerSlam in 1988.
He is also known as one half of the tag team Yankii Nichokenju with Yuko Miyamoto.
Hiroka Yaginuma is a Japanese born professional wrestler.
She wrestled primarily in Japan, National Wrestling Federation, World Wrestling Federation, and Ladies Professional Wrestling Association.
He is the seventh WCW Triple Crown Champion.
Since then, he has competed regularly for both promotions as a freelancer.
He is best known for his time in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, where he was a one-time TNA X Division Champion.
Juan Alvarado Nieves was a Mexican Luchador.
A couplet from him which is sung in Zourkhaneh, is:
In 2009, she signed with TNA, aligning herself with Angelina Love and Velvet Sky as part of the villainous The Beautiful People stable.
Miroslav Barnyashev is a Bulgarian professional wrestler and former powerlifter and rower.
Todd Smith is an American professional wrestler, currently signed with Ring of Honor, under the ringname Hanson, where he teams with Raymond Rowe as War Machine.
William Cruickshanks is a Scottish born-Australian professional wrestler and author better known by his stage name Bill Dundee.
As a member of The Brotherhood, he was both the inaugural NWA New England Heavyweight Champion and NWA New England Tag Team Champion with Knuckles Nelson.
Diana La Cazadora is a Mexican female wrestler living in Monterrey Nuevo León.
He played for the New England Patriots, Chicago Bears, and Green Bay Packers, winning Super Bowl XX with the Bears.
He competed at the 1950 British Empire Games where he won the bronze medal in the men's lightweight division.
He is currently working for several independent promotions in the United States, Mexico, and Japan.
After being trained by Leilani Kai, Ricci made her debut in June 2002, and began competing on the independent circuit.
He is credited with importing to Japan, as well as innovating, the deathmatch style of professional wrestling.
Vicente Serrano is a Mexican luchador, or professional wrestler, best known under the ring name "Fire", a Mini-Estrella, or "Mini".
He also took part in the NWA's 50th Anniversary Show wrestling Abdullah the Butcher.
He was also in Lucha Libre USA, where he held the Tag Team Championship with Jon Rekon.
Tanahashi holds the record for most reigns as the IWGP Heavyweight Champion, while his fifth reign holds the record for most successful defenses, with eleven.
In November 2016, she began starring in the reality television series Total Divas on E!
Mark Smith was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Bison Smith.
Hassan Madani is a male freestyle wrestler from Egypt.
William John Potts, OOnt was a Canadian professional wrestler best known by his ring name "Whipper" Billy Watson, and was a two-time world heavyweight wrestling champion.
He is currently signed to WWE, where he works as a producer.
He provides English commentary for Lucha Libre AAA World Wide pay-per-view events in Mexico and New Japan Pro Wrestling PPV events in Japan.
She began her professional wrestling career as a part of the Nitro Girls in WCW.
One of his standard tactics was to appear punch-drunk and almost defeated in a match, before suddenly recovering his ability and delivering the decisive move.
Debuting in 1997, Makabe originally wrestled under his birthname as a junior heavyweight), before gaining several kilograms during a global excursion in 2001 and 2002.
White won championships in Canada and around the globe.
She began her career in professional wrestling in 1995, accompanying her husband Steve "Mongo" McMichael to the ring in World Championship Wrestling.
The duo won the World Tag Team Championship twice before forming The Legacy faction alongside Randy Orton.
He wrestled professionally in Germany and Japan before signing with World Championship Wrestling in 1994.
She also managed both The Hardy Boyz and Edge and Christian following the Terri Invitational Tournament in 1999.
A frequent tag team partner of Anthony Michaels, the two wrestled as Schmuck and Snot Dudley respectively as well as competing under the name Wild Side.
He is a one-time NXT Tag Team Champion with Buddy Murphy.
Stevie Knight was an English professional wrestler.
He is best known for his tenure with Extreme Championship Wrestling and World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment under the ring name Spike Dudley.
1 in Pro Wrestling Illustrated's Female 50 in 2010.
Kyoko Inoue is a Japanese female professional wrestler.
Cruz worked in such countries as Germany and South Africa in addition to Canada and United States.
Rodney Begnaud is an American professional wrestler and mixed martial artist, better known by his ring name Rodney Mack.
He hosts a weekend talk radio program, syndicated nationally by Talk Radio Network, in which he discusses his conservative political views.
José Laureano is a semi retired Puerto Rican professional wrestler.
He also managed the team of Don Kent & Bruno Bekkar and later on "Johnny Heffernan" under The Fabulous Kangaroos name.
Veronica "Ronnie" Brazier, better known by her ring name Simply Luscious, is an American professional wrestler best known for her stint in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Marconi also had brief stints in Extreme Championship Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation as a preliminary wrestler.
He is credited for inventing the dragon sleeper and the dragon suplex.
He is best known for his appearances with the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania-based professional wrestling promotion Eastern Championship Wrestling in 1992 to 1993.
Bryan Jesus Kelly is an American professional wrestling color commentator, ring announcer, journalist, and semi-retired professional wrestler.
He is best known for his appearances with Pro Wrestling Guerrilla.
Having wrestled internationally, Generico won the wXw Unified World Wrestling Championship in Germany and DDT Pro-Wrestling's KO-D Openweight Championship in Japan.
Sidney Raymond Eudy is an American professional wrestler.
He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2006 by Hulk Hogan.
Daniel Morrison is an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Danny Doring.
He was called "Mad Dog' because of his look a like to Mad Dog Vachon.
He is one of the few wrestlers who legitimately would not drop their title—and so WWA had Gene LeBell to substitute for Blassie at a rematch.
DiBiase is a third generation professional wrestler.
Takeo Ōtsuka is a Japanese professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Men's Teioh.
He is currently signed to WWE as a producer.
During his stint in WCW, Stasiowski became a one time World Tag Team Champion with Rick Steiner.
This knowledge was mainly displayed by him using judo throws and karate chops.
He says he weighed about 180 pounds when he started, but within three years weighed in at 230.
He is a member of the Hart wrestling family and the third son of Helen and Stu Hart, CM.
Alongside Zack Sabre Jr. he is a member of the tag team the Leaders of the New School.
In 1995, he was inducted into the National Wrestling Hall of Fame.
Tony Condello is an Italian retired professional wrestler and promoter most known for founding International Wrestling Alliance in Manitoba, Canada.
The scandal made them famous, and Bradlaugh was elected M.P.
Manuel Guajardo Mejorado, better known as René Guajardo, was a Mexican professional wrestler.
Christina Lee Hemme is an American professional wrestling valet, ring announcer, singer and retired professional wrestler and model.
Christopher Robillard Mordetzky is an American professional wrestler currently signed to Global Force Wrestling under the ring name Chris Adonis.
Mohammad Hassan Mohebbi is an Iranian light heavyweight freestyle wrestler from Kermanshah.
Norvell Austin is most famous for teaming with Sputnik Monroe in one of the first "mixed races" villainous teams seen in the south.
Keibler has also modeled, appearing in both Maxim and Stuff magazines.
He is currently the X-LAW International Champion and is employed by Juggalo Championship Wrestling.
in 1994 Fraev won the European Championships by defeating future mixed martial arts champion Vladimir Matyushenko in the finals.
In April 2016, she returned to the company and became the manager of her husband The Miz, managing him to three Intercontinental Championship reigns.
Stacy Lee Carter is an American professional wrestling valet and occasional professional wrestler, under her ring name Stacy Carter.
He was previously in the Crazy MAX and Blood Generation stables.
Brittany Brown is an American female professional wrestler, former promoter and current trainer.
Fullington has held the ECW World Heavyweight Championship a record 5 times.
In 2006, Hussey signed a development contract with World Wrestling Entertainment and was assigned to Deep South Wrestling, WWE's developmental territory.
Joshua "Josh" Bredl is an American professional wrestler signed to WWE , where he competes in their developmental territory NXT under the name Bronson Matthews.
Since debuting in 1990, Saturn has wrestled for promotions including Extreme Championship Wrestling, World Championship Wrestling, the World Wrestling Federation and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
He is best known for his appearances with World Championship Wrestling in the 1990s.
he is survived by his wife of 10 years Debi Stern, a fitness athlete and IFBB judge.
He is best known for his time with WWE, where he signed after training and debuting for the Frontier Wrestling Alliance in his home country.
Zeidvand made his official debut at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, where he competed in the men's welterweight category.
He has also wrestled for All Japan Pro Wrestling, where he is a former World Junior Heavyweight Champion.
On August 20, 2010 it was announced that Lady Apache was pregnant and for that reason had to stop wrestling for at least seven months.
Bedranowsky now works for WWE as the content manager for their German YouTube channel.
Mueller most recently wrestled for Ring Ka King, TNA's India-based promotion, as Roscoe Jackson.
Jon Huber is an American professional wrestler and actor signed to WWE, where he performs on the SmackDown brand under the ring name Luke Harper.
He debuted in WWE in 2006 as a leprechaun character allied with Finlay.
Additionally, he competed as a preliminary wrestler in World Championship Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation.
He signed with WWE in 2007, and made his main roster debut as Evan Bourne on ECW the following year.
Jerry Martin Matthews, better known by his ring name Dr. Jerry Graham, was an American professional wrestler.
He died of a heart attack at the age of 60.
Warrior retired from professional wrestling in 1998 and embarked on a public speaking career, but wrestled one final match in Spain in 2008.
He is part of the Lumbee tribe.
An established amateur wrestler, Albright made his professional wrestling debut in 1988 for Stampede Wrestling.
He returned to the ring on August 10, 2014.
He was a member of the Finnish Parliament from 2003 to 2007, representing the True Finns party as an independent politician.
At the peak of his popularity, he held similar drawing power to that of Hulk Hogan.
Władysław Cyganiewicz, better known by the ring name Władek Zbyszko, was a Polish professional wrestler and strongman.
Torres competes primarily in the Monterrey-based Federación Internacional de Lucha Libre).
Akira Kawabata is a Japanese professional wrestler, currently working under the ring name Sushi.
He is currently the leader of Los Cancerberos del Infierno, a group consisting of himself, Raziel and Cancerbero and previously also included Euforia and Pólvora.
The following year, she signed a contract with All Japan Women's Pro-Wrestling, making her the first foreign wrestler to do so.
At the time of his death, he was known as the world's oldest retired wrestler at the age of 99.
During his tenure in the WWF, Gill became a one time Light Heavyweight Champion.
He currently competes for Lucha Underground, Capiccioni has also worked for prominent promotions such as Ring of Honor, Chikara and the short-lived Wrestling Society X.
Steven "Steve" James, better known by his ring name Steve Armstrong is a professional wrestler and is the son of "Bullet" Bob Armstrong.
Before attaining world wide status, Farmer Brooks wrestled with different organizations.
Manuel Ramos was an American professional wrestler, better known as Apache Bull Ramos.
Reyes is one of the very few wrestlers to work for both Empresa Mexicana de Lucha Libre) and Francisco Flores' promotion Toreo Cuatro Caminos Independents.
Kevin Foote is an American professional wrestling color commentator, manager, pundit, sportscaster and former ring announcer, better known by his ring name, Kevin Kelly.
He also had a brief stint in the American Wrestling Association as one half of the Maxx Brothers with Super Maxx.
Following the completion of his training, Assad began wrestling for numerous independent promotions, including a stint in TNA.
William Reid "Bill" Eadie is an American retired professional wrestler who has competed under the names of Ax as part of Demolition and The Masked Superstar.
Kanemaru holds the records for the most reigns for both of Pro Wrestling Noah's junior heavyweight titles.
He was suspended from the NFL for the entire 2007 season and for part of the 2008 season for off-the-field conduct.
Blade was one of the original CZW Wrestling Academy graduates alongside Lobo, Nick Gage, Justice Pain and T.C.K.
Melissa Anderson is an American professional wrestler, better known by her ring name Cheerleader Melissa.
Yasushi Kanda is a Japanese wrestler currently performing for the Dragon Gate wrestling promotion in Japan.
He was a well-known "heel" in the National Wrestling Alliance and considered a future wrestling star at the time of his death.
Robert Remus, better known by his ring name of Sgt.
“Cartas a una madre” was published by the end of 2012.
Walter Joseph Karbo was an American professional wrestling promoter and co-founder of the American Wrestling Association with Verne Gagne.
Wayne Bloom is an American retired professional wrestler.
Haddad started wrestling in 2001, and began appearing for WWE in 2002 as Aaron Stevens on Heat.
He was also the first X Division Champion, a title he held six times.
He has since held the Intercontinental Championship twice, the United States Championship three times, and the Universal Championship once.
He has also held numerous tag team championships internationally.
She released her debut album Sevin Sins on April 13, 2010 on iTunes.
He is also a 2009 WWE Hall of Fame Inductee.
Habibi was the fourth and the last son in a large family.
He often teamed with his brother Al Mills as the tag team "Murder Incorporated".
He is signed to New Japan Pro-Wrestling, where he is the reigning and inaugural IWGP United States Heavyweight Champion.
Johnson was a college football player for the University of Miami, where he won a national championship on the 1991 Miami Hurricanes team.
Leon Stap was an American midget professional wrestler better known by his ring name Fuzzy Cupid.
Carl Ray Stevens, better known as Ray "The Crippler" Stevens or Ray "Blond Bomber" Stevens, was an American professional wrestler.
Sangre Azteca is a Mexican luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler currently working for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre.
Kazuo Yamazaki is a Japanese former professional wrestler, who is known for his work in New Japan Pro Wrestling and UWF International.
He is currently signed with Global Force Wrestling, as a creative consultant.
He is best known for his work in Extreme Championship Wrestling, World Wrestling Entertainment and Impact Wrestling.
He is also a former sumo wrestler.
Stan Holek was a Canadian professional wrestler, better known by his ring names, Stan Lisowski and Stan Neilson.
Since his retirement in 1992, he has also trained many wrestlers for both World Wrestling Entertainment and World Championship Wrestling.
Eric Alexander Pérez is a Puerto Rican professional wrestler who currently performs under the ring name "Escobar".
His signature finisher was the cork-screw flying cross-chop.
He debuted in 1995, and competed for several North Carolina-based promotions, winning several Light Heavyweight Championships.
Harley Lewis is an American professional wrestler and shoot fighter who competes for independent promorions in both the United States and Canada.
He was born and raised in Norka, a German colony in Russia, in 1900 before immigrating to Lincoln, Nebraska in 1906.
Furnas was also a longtime mainstay of All Japan Pro Wrestling.
He currently wrestles for Dragon Gate under his real name.
He also competed under the ring names Scott Taylor and Scotty 2 Hotty for WWE.
Being able to "pound a 5-inch spike through a 2 inch thick plank using only the palm of his bare hand"
James Maritato is an Italian American professional wrestler currently working on the independent circuit.
He has worked for, SAS Wrestling, Frontier Wrestling Alliance and IPW:UK.
He is also the Officer in Charge of Modern Army Combatives, a hand-to-hand combat system.
Takayuki Mori is a retired Japanese professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Anthony W. Mori.
His son also wrestled as Perro Aguayo Jr. or El Hijo del Perro Aguayo.
He also participated in a number of storylines, including feuds involving The McMahon-Helmsley Faction and The Alliance.
Assad won the United States Championship for a second time on March 17, 2009.
Some of his well-known opponents are Haji Afzal, George Gordienko, Anton Geesink and Antonio Inoki.
He was one half of the tag team The Fantastics with Tommy Rogers.
He is currently signed to WWE as a French language commentator.
He is the son of wrestler Rikidōzan.
Flyer is the ring name of a Mexican Luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler.
He is notable for having held the NWA United States Heavyweight Championship five times.
Kimberly Lynn Bacon is an American former professional wrestling personality.
Family members have comprised several tag teams and stables within a variety of promotions.
Kenichi Oya is a semi-retired Japanese professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Hisakatsu Oya.
He currently wrestles as Cham Pain on the independent circuit.
He also worked for the Australia-based World Championship Wrestling as well as the World Wide Wrestling Federation.
He is best known for his appearances with the American Wrestling Association and the World Wrestling Federation.
Sammartino's wrestling style was less mat-oriented than was typical of wrestlers from his era.
Javier Descalza Coronado is a Mexican retired Luchador, or professional wrestler, currently working as a match maker for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre.
Alireza Dabir is an Iranian champion freestyle wrestler.
Todd Grisham is an American sports reporter employed by the UFC and Glory Kickboxing.
Gül competed in the Greco-Roman 120 kg event at the 2004 Summer Olympics placing 13th.
Brandel Littlejohn is an American professional wrestler.
She is the daughter of professional wrestler Leroy McGuirk.
Roeber also held the American Greco-Roman Heavyweight Championship and the German World Heavyweight Championship.
Styles, EZ Money, and Kid Kash, and won the NWA Wildside Television Championship three times.
Tony Borcherding, better known by his ring name 2 Tuff Tony, is an American professional wrestler best known for his hardcore wrestling style.
He is known for his perennial tweener status, currently a solid fan favorite, and his stiff, shoot style wrestling technique.
Freddie Prosser was a Canadian professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Freddie Sweetan.
Robert Nihon lived in Lyford Cay, Bahamas where he was known to spend time on his yacht.
He was originally drafted by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the second round of the 2007 NFL Draft.
In the 1970s, while wrestling for All Japan Women's Pro-Wrestling, she formed the tag team, the Beauty Pair, with Maki Ueda.
Abe Kelmer / Abba Kelmer was a Polish professional wrestler, promoter and referee, known by the ring names Abe Coleman, Hebrew Hercules, and Jewish Tarzan.
Casas has trained several wrestlers, including Mephisto, Kazushige Nosawa, T.J. Perkins, Rocky Romero, and Ricky Marvin.
In Mexico, Konnan was the first-ever CMLL World Heavyweight Champion, and was the leader of the Foreign Legion in AAA when they were the top stable.
Aric Byrne Connely is an American professional wrestler and author best known under the ring name/pseudonym Ric Byrne.
Samula Anoaʻi is a Samoan American professional wrestler best known as one half of The Headshrinkers/Samoan Swat Team under the name Samu, with his cousin Fatu.
During World War I, Zass served in the Russian army, fighting against the Austrians.
Pro Wrestling Illustrated described Gotch as "arguably the best North American professional wrestler of the 20th century".
Matthew "Matt" Knowles is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name HC Loc.
Mario Alberto González is a Mexican Luchador, best known by his ring name Rey Cometa.
In the 1980s, an alternate version of the Sgt.
Jean Gagné was a French Canadian professional wrestler and manager, best known under the ring name Frenchy Martin.
Ken Jugan, better known by the ring name Lord Zoltan, is a semi-retired American professional wrestler, manager, promoter, referee, and trainer.
He started his career at the age of 17 in 1972 in Montreal.
Allen trained at the legendary Monster Factory in the late 1980s.
He was best known for competing in the then World Wide Wrestling Federation from 1957 to 1960, under the ring-name The Matador.
He portrayed a northern Australian bushman coming to America to compete in the WWF.
Dasher Hatfield is an American professional wrestler.
Sandra González Calderón is a Mexican professional wrestler or luchadora, best known under the ring name Lady Apache.
Justin Carnes is an American professional wrestler.
Alexander Daniel Spilling is a British professional wrestler and professional wrestling commentator who is best known by his ring name "The Showstealer" Alex Shane.
Igor Borisowicz Kupiejew - Russian and Uzbek professional wrestler fighting freestyle.
Morgan also wrestled in the NAWA/SAPW with Jack Victory as "The Royal Family".
Sükheegiin Tserenchimed is Mongolian second female gold medalist of the World Wrestling Championships.
Hawkins initially competed in WWE from 2006 to 2014, and returned to the company in 2016 after wrestling on the independent circuit.
He is the most recent claimant to date of the British Middleweight title.
William Alvin Moody, better known by his ring names Paul Bearer, and Percival Pringle III, was an American professional wrestling manager.
He is best known for his appearances on the northeastern independent circuit under the ring name DC Drake.
Lawler has held more championships than any other current WWE wrestler, though he has never won any championships in WWE since joining the company.
Armando Fernández García is a Mexican former sport wrestler from Xalapa, Veracruz, in eastern Mexico.
In his native Puerto Rico, he is known as both Carly Colón and Carlito.
John Pesek was an American professional wrestler and greyhound racing dog breeder.
As the daughter of Aurelian "Grizzly" Smith, she is a second-generation wrestler.
Barron has also wrestled for Assault Championship Wrestling, Chaotic Wrestling, Front Row Wrestling, New England Championship Wrestling, Northeast Championship Wrestling, PWF Northeast, and Yankee Pro Wrestling.
He has experience in Canadian football, ice hockey, professional wrestling, boxing, kickboxing, and mixed martial arts events.
Hennig returned to the WWF for a brief period in 2002, being one of the last three men remaining at the Royal Rumble.
Otani is also the acting President of the company.
Sixto César Barrera Ochoa is a sport wrestler born in Lima, Peru.
Lucille Ann Casey is a retired American professional wrestler, better known by her ring name Ann Casey, or 'Panther Girl'.
Leslie Alan Malady, better known by the name Les Thatcher, is an American former professional wrestler who achieved many accolades over his career.
Michel Vigneault was a Canadian professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Michel "Mad Dog" Martel.
She is best known for her work in Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide in Mexico and Shimmer Women Athletes in the United States.
In 2006, he was inducted into the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame.
He currently wrestles for Big Japan Pro Wrestling where he has held the BJW Deathmatch Heavyweight Championship on one occasion.
In 1993, she joined the rival World Wrestling Federation under the name Alundra Blayze.
Imposible is a Mexican luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler currently working for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion International Wrestling Revolution Group.
Beauregarde, is a former pro wrestler and musician from Portland, Oregon in the United States.
Thomas Carter is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Reckless Youth.
The Boy in Simmons' ring name comes from his idol Davey Boy Smith, best known as WWF's British Bulldog.
Rodman pursued a high-profile affair with singer Madonna and was briefly married to actress Carmen Electra.
Miguel Angel Nava is a Mexican Luchador, or professional wrestler best known under the ring name, Mike Segura.
He initially debuted as The Jester on the Floridian independent circuit, before quickly changing his name to Roderick Strong.
In the WWF, he was a three-time WWF Tag Team Champion with Bradshaw as one half of the Acolytes Protection Agency.
In 2015, Bredl was the male winner of the sixth season of the WWE competition Tough Enough, earning a one-year contract with the promotion.
He was also later The Master of the Dungeon of Doom in World Championship Wrestling.
Readers of Pro Wrestling Illustrated named him "Most Popular Wrestler of the Year" on four occasions, a record he shares with John Cena.
He competed on the independent circuit for the next year, before returning to WWE to wrestle on its ECW brand as Kevin Thorn, a vampire character.
He has wrestled the majority of his career in Canada for the National Wrestling Alliance, and Northern Championship Wrestling .
Kim began her career wrestling on the Canadian independent circuit, before joining WWE in 2002.
Coombs competed primarily as "The Gigolo" Steve Rizzono.
Mansour Barzegar is a retired Iranian welterweight freestyle wrestler.
Hiroaki Hamada, better known by his ring name Gran Hamada, is a Japanese professional wrestler, the first to adopt the high-flying Mexican lucha libre style.
Wadi Ayoub was a champion Greco–Roman style professional wrestler, best known as Sheik Ali.
Richard Henry Blood Sr., better known by his ring name Ricky "The Dragon" Steamboat, is an American retired professional wrestler.
Michael Hegstrand was an American professional wrestler.
Hansen is renowned for his stiff wrestling style, which he attributes to his poor eyesight.
During her time in WWE, she trained at WWE's then-developmental territory, Florida Championship Wrestling, and served as the last ECW general manager.
He currently works for Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide as a tecnico and has previously worked for the International Wrestling League.
Benjamin Satterley is an English professional wrestler currently signed to the American professional wrestling promotion WWE.
He has also worked for Mexican promotions Perros del Mal and Lucha Libre USA.
In addition to these titles, he has also held the ROH World Tag Team Championship once, as well as numerous titles on the independent circuit.
However, Reigns' ascendancy as a world title-chasing/holding heroic underdog has been marked by critics' disapproval and overwhelmingly negative crowd reactions.
Nuufolau Joel Seanoa, better known by his ring name Samoa Joe, is an American professional wrestler currently signed to WWE and performing on the Raw brand.
He returned from a two-year hiatus due to injury in 2005.
For much of his career, Enos teamed with Wayne Bloom as The Destruction Crew/The Beverly Brothers.
Darren Kenneth Matthews is an English retired professional wrestler, color commentator and trainer.
He will also be appearing in All-Japan Pro Wrestling.
He is a former one-time IWGP Tag Team Champion and a two-time World Tag League winner with Togi Makabe.
While in TNA, Killings also held the NWA World Tag Team Championship on two occasions and the TNA World Tag Team Championship once.
Hernández died in 1993 as a direct result of a wrestling match.
She is perhaps best known for her tenure with World Wrestling Entertainment, where she won the WWE Women's Championship in her first match.
She currently works on the independent circuit under her real name.
Michael Davis, best known as Bugsy McGraw, is a retired American professional wrestler.
He performed primarily on the Californian independent circuit, most prominently for Pro Wrestling Guerrilla, Empire Wrestling Federation, and Alternative Wrestling Show.
In 1936 he competed in the Freestyle welterweight tournament.
Kondo also works as the vice president, booker and trainer for Wrestle-1.
Also along with Utsler, Bruce is the co-founder of the professional wrestling promotion Juggalo Championship Wrestling.
He is a silver medalist in the Golden Grand Prix Ivan Yarygin 2009 in the Freestyle men's 60 kg event.
Upon WCW's purchase by the World Wrestling Federation, Kidman became a member of the WCW/ECW Alliance.
Javier Hernández Padilla is a semi-retired Mexican Luchador, or professional wrestler best known under the ring name Américo Rocca.
He and his brother, wrestler Kelly Kiniski, are the sons of former NWA World Heavyweight Champion Gene Kiniski.
Bill Apter, editor of Pro Wrestling Illustrated, has also credited Pedicino for considerably raising his profile among wrestling fans due to his weekly segment.
He held the British Welterweight Championship from 1969 to 1971.
During his time in OVW, he won the Television Championship once.
His brawling, power moves and personal charisma helped him become the most popular American wrestler in the 1960s through the mid 1980s.
He is the founder, owner and wrestler of the independent professional wrestling promotion House of Hardcore.
He was given the nicknames "The Polish Hammer" and "Polish Power".
Kenneth Eugene Weaver was an American professional wrestler and wrestling commentator in the National Wrestling Alliance, better known by his ring name, Johnny Weaver.
In TNA, James won the TNA Knockouts Championship three times and the 2013 TNA World Cup with Team USA.
He is mainly known for his high-flying abilities.
brand, but was released from his WWE contract in November 2008.
Rodolfo Guzmán Huerta, more widely known as El Santo, was a Mexican Luchador enmascarado, film actor, and folk icon.
He is also the technical director of Iran's wrestling national teams and head coach of Iran's freestyle wrestling national team since January 2012.
He also made appearances for New Japan Pro Wrestling, where he is a former IWGP Intercontinental Champion.
He is also the owner and founder of the independent promotion Reality of Wrestling in Texas City, Texas.
He also serves as an assistant trainer at The Wrestle Factory, operated by Chikara founder Mike Quackenbush.
Brian Curtis Hildebrand was an American professional wrestling manager, wrestler and referee who sometimes went by the name of Mark Curtis.
A former amateur kickboxer, Kobayashi's wrestling style is based upon strong kicks and strikes.
Javadi was an active child and tried various sports, eventually choosing wrestling because it fitted best to his relatively small body size.
Between 1953 and 1956, he faced NWA World Heavyweight Champion Lou Thesz in a series of matches.
Ryuji Hijikata is a Japanese professional wrestler.
Teucli also worked under the ring name Pequeño Bronce early in his career as a smaller version of the wrestling character Bronce.
Igor Dmitrievich Rostorotsky is a retired Soviet wrestler who competed in the Greco-Roman superheavyweight division.
In 2005, he was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame.
He is best known for working for New Japan Pro Wrestling, where he was a member of the Bullet Club stable.
He also competed in the Calgary, Alberta-based Stampede Wrestling for many years.
At the 1965 FILA Wrestling World Championships Sorouri was the head coach of Iran national wrestling team.
He is perhaps best known for his stint in Ohio Valley Wrestling and WWE under the ring name Mr. Strongko.
In 2011 she was a housemate in Big Brother 12 UK.
Raymond Rowe is an American professional wrestler.
Lynn is a two time world heavyweight champion, having held the ECW World Heavyweight Championship once and the ROH World Championship once.
Plasse Dennis Bradford Conway was an American professional wrestler best known by his ring name Tiger Conway.
Alicia Nicole Webb is an American professional wrestling valet.
Darrell W. "Tony" Anthony is a retired American professional wrestler, also known by his ring name Dirty White Boy.
As The Missing Link, Robertson wore blue and green face paint and shaved portions of his head while letting the hair grow in other areas.
Also in 2016, both PWI and the Wrestling Observer Newsletter voted him "Wrestler of the Year".
There, he held the WWF Intercontinental Championship once and the WWF European Championship four times.
Vince "Vin" Gerard Durling is an American former professional wrestler.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to Carlos Lillo.
It is described as located in the south of the universe and beneath the earth.
Leonce Cormier is a Canadian retired professional wrestler.
He also briefly appeared in World Championship Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation as well as touring Japan as Super Destroyer between 1997 and 1999.
Donald "Don" West is an American pitchman, television personality and wrestling broadcaster currently signed to Global Force Wrestling as the sales director.
He is currently signed to WWE, working as a trainer in its developmental territory NXT.
In 1988, he enlisted with the United States Marine Corps.
Lewis has also competed internationally wrestling in Big Japan Pro Wrestling and the World Wrestling Council holding the WWC Puerto Rico Heavyweight Championship in late-1999.
He retired from professional wrestling in 2008.
After leaving the WWF in 2001, Chyna wrestled sporadically, with New Japan Pro Wrestling in 2002 and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling in 2011.
He was at one time AWA Southern Heavyweight Champion.
He gained a Bronze medal and the only medal for Egypt in that year.
Allen James Coage was an American-Canadian judoka and professional wrestler.
Hijikata is best known for his tenure in Battlarts and All Japan Pro Wrestling since 2002 where he is a former World Junior Heavyweight Champion.
Eddy is also the co-founder of the International Wrestling Syndicate along with PCP Crazy F’N Manny and Nixon Stratus.
Antonio Berdiel is an independent professional wrestler.
He signed a multi-year contract with WWE fourteen years later in January 2016, making his re-debut at that month's Royal Rumble.
Ion William Croitoru was a Canadian professional wrestler.
He is Russian Junior National Champion 2011, North Caucasian Federal District Freestyle wrestling tournament winner 2011, 2013.
Super Dragon is one of six founders of the Southern California-based promotion Pro Wrestling Guerrilla.
Roberts is best known for his two stints in the World Wrestling Federation; the first between 1986 and 1992, and the second between 1996 and 1997.
Raul Molina was a Mexican-born professional wrestler better known by his ring name of El Mongol.
Fragoso is the younger sister of luchadora Zuleyma and the niece of promoter Paco Alonso.
Madison is a Canadian professional wrestler who got her start in NWA: Extreme Canadian Championship Wrestling out of Vancouver.
Her first television appearance came at WrestleMania 2000, where she portrayed one of The Godfather's "hos".
He played the leading role for the VPG infomercial show “Caminos al Jaguar”, which was filmed in six different countries.
Patty Seymour is a semi-retired professional wrestler, better known by her ring name Leilani Kai.
In 1997 and 1998 Salgado made several appearances for the World Wrestling Federation as part of the AAA/WWF talent exchange agreement between the two companies.
Rachel Childres is an American retired professional wrestler best known by her ring name Rachel Summerlyn.
After the WWF's women's division went on hiatus in the 1990s, McIntyre wrestled in several Canadian promotions, holding several titles.
He currently performs and works for Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide.
Moslem Eskandar-Filabi more known as Eskandar Filabi is an Iranian wrestler in the 1960s and 1970s.
Glenn Gilbertti is an American professional wrestler, best known for his appearances with World Championship Wrestling as Disco Inferno.
Kerry Gene Adkisson was an American professional wrestler under the ring names Kerry Von Erich, The Modern Day Warrior and The Texas Tornado.
Mayne wrestled in various NWA territories as well as the WWWF.
She is best known for her appearances with the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania-based promotion Extreme Championship Wrestling from October 1999 until its closure in April 2001.
In 1999, he signed with WCW, and became part of 3 Count, a boy band parody.
She won a silver medal at the 2007 Pan American Games.
Don Owen was an American professional wrestling promoter.
Marcus "Marc" Laurinaitis is an American retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, The Terminator.
He is Ph.D. student of Sports Management in Shahid Chamran University of Ahvaz.
The first Latino to hold a world heavyweight championship, Morales' combined reign as WWWF Heavyweight Champion remains among the longest in history.
Joe: A Real American Hero toy line as well as its animated series and comic books.
Riccaboni has been married since October 6, 2012 to his wife Sarah.
Andy Wu is a Japanese professional wrestler who works currently for Wrestle-1.
The team debuted on Raw in January 2006, and won the World Tag Team Championship three months later.
He also worked behind the scenes, operating both the Eastern Sports Association and its television program, International Wrestling.
Schuyler Andrews is an American professional wrestler and mixed martial artist, better known by his ring name Scorpio Sky.
While attaining much of his United States success in the Tennessee area, Meléndez also gained a following in Japan.
He is best known as a member of Wild Samoans, who wrestled in various promotions including the World Wrestling Federation and Mid-South Wrestling.
He was also the former head of the creative team.
John Michael "Jack" Doan is an American veteran professional wrestling referee who worked with WWE from 1991 to 2013.
He is best known for his career with Extreme Championship Wrestling, where he became the third ECW Triple Crown Champion.
He is currently a member of City Council of Tehran.
Adrian McCallum is a British professional wrestler, professional wrestling promoter and actor, often better known by his ring name Lionheart.
He is present a member of SexRock with Elliot Sexton and the South Australian Serial Killers with Hartley Jackson.
Hamada was once married to Mexican wrestler Silver King, and is currently married to Mexican wrestler Pentagon Black.
In 2012, he was suspended for violating WWE's wellness policy, and then injured his foot in a motorcycle accident, forcing him out of action.
He is a former NWA World Heavyweight Champion, and was recognized as the first NWA World Heavyweight Champion in 1948.
Sean Allen Morley, better known by the ring name Val Venis, is a Canadian professional wrestler.
In December 2012, Martínez was repackaged as La Parka Negra, the storyline nemesis of La Parka.
She is better known by her ring name Krissy Vaine and also for her time in World Wrestling Entertainment.
Initially Charles competed both in North American and international promotions as part of the Royal Kangaroos with his cousin Jonathan Boyd.
Street was often accompanied to the ring by his long-time manager Miss Linda, and the two worked primarily as villains.
He wrestles on the independent circuit in Canada and the northern United States.
She has also made guest appearances on several television shows and performed in music videos.
From 2007 to 2008 Mr. Niebla worked for CMLL's main Mexican rival where he was part of the stable Los Vipers.
He was also the owner of the World Class Championship Wrestling territory.
Also, he has appeared in American Gladiators.
In November 2010, she was ranked No.
Sabre is a former NWA United Kingdom Junior Heavyweight Championship winner and a product of the NWA-UK Hammerlock training school.
Richard Gland was an American professional wrestler who used the ring name Dick "Bulldog" Brower.
George Hobson is a former wrestler from New Zealand.
Later that year, she signed with TNA, and began working as Salinas.
Eric Gargiulo is a professional wrestling announcer, wrestler, commentator, and radio show host.
In his spare time, Rodriguez enjoys following the NHL's New Jersey Devils and the NFL's Dallas Cowboys.
Aldo Martínez Hechavaria is retired male wrestler from Cuba.
In mid-2009, he brought back The Hurricane character, and appeared as both Gregory Helms and The Hurricane on the ECW brand.
He was most recently the head trainer for WWE's developmental system NXT until his resignation in 2015 following allegations of misconduct, which he denied.
Michael Sean Coulthard better known by his stage name Michael Cole, is an American professional wrestling commentator, show host, voice actor and former journalist.
Martibel Payano is a Dominican American professional wrestler, best known for working for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring name Marti Bell.
Valaquez' two sons are also professional wrestlers working under the names Apolo Valaquez and Nosferatu.
Martin Scurll is an English professional wrestler, currently signed to Ring of Honor, where he is a former one-time ROH World Television Champion.
During the late 1990s, he was a member of "Psycho" Sid Vicious' The Psychos and, as Akeem Hassain, the USWA-faction of the Nation of Domination.
He married in 1968 and had four children.
The first third-generation female wrestler in the world, Neidhart is a member of the Hart wrestling family.
Dragon Lee has another brother, William, who works under the ring name Rush.
He is best known for his appearances with the World Wrestling Federation and World Championship Wrestling between 1984 and 1995.
Alexander Pourteau, is an American professional wrestler best known for his stint with the World Wrestling Federation as Alex "The Pug" Pourteau between 1996 and 1997.
Matthew Moore Hardy is an American professional wrestler and professional wrestling promoter currently signed to WWE on the Raw brand.
He participated in Men's freestyle 74 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics.
Following her retirement from professional wrestling, Torres focused on her role as an instructor for the Gracie Women Empowered self-defense program.
Archibald Edward Gouldie was a Canadian professional wrestler.
He is currently working for Ring of Honor, where he is a former ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Champion alongside The Briscoes.
He is the head booker and the Senior Producer of Ring of Honor Television, while also running the company's wrestling school, the ROH Dojo.
Nash also found success in the World Wrestling Federation, where he was originally billed as Diesel.
After retiring from full-time activity in wrestling, he raced in the Iditarod and John Beargrease sled dog races.
Ryo Saito, is a Japanese professional wrestler, also known by the ring name Ryo "Jimmy" Saito.
He played Negro league baseball for nine years but is best known for his time with the World Wide Wrestling Federation.
On January 7, 2000, Gary Albright collapsed in-ring upon receiving a three-quarter facelock bulldog from his opponent.
Scott Francis D'Amore is a Canadian professional wrestler, manager, promoter, booker and entrepreneur.
She is also known for her work as a professional wrestling personality, most notably for ECW.
Kevin Olmstead was an independent professional wrestler and manager known as Vinnie Ferrari.
Dick Beyer is an American retired professional wrestler who is best known by his ring names, The Destroyer or Doctor X.
Hase is also a retired professional wrestler who worked for New Japan Pro Wrestling and All Japan Pro Wrestling.
He is currently the conditioning coordinator for the Chicago White Sox.
Erik Watts is an American semi-retired professional wrestler.
David Penzer is an American professional wrestling ring announcer, currently working for Impact Wrestling formerly known as Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Brian Mailhot is an American professional wrestler and mixed martial arts fighter, better known for his short stint in World Wrestling Entertainment's SmackDown!
Diane Vachon was a Canadian professional wrestler, best known by her ring name Vivian Vachon.
Kikuzawa has also made appearances in North America, competing in promotions such as Chikara, Pro Wrestling Guerrilla and Ring of Honor.
Pro Wrestling Women's Alliance also known as PWWA is an Australian independent Women's professional wrestling promotion founded in 2007 by Ryan Eagles and Madison Eagles.
Generico wrestled while masked from his debut in 2002 until 2013.
He also worked a singles career with several promotions, including Juggalo Championship Wrestling.
James Scott Bednarski, best known by the ring name Scott Putski, is an American professional wrestler.
Tamara Lynn Sytch is an American professional wrestling manager, personality, occasional wrestler and pornographic actress.
London made his debut in WWE in late 2003 and immediately began teaming with fellow cruiserweight Billy Kidman.
Following The Legacy's dissolution, DiBiase moved into singles competition and received the Million Dollar Championship from his father Ted DiBiase.
He has also appeared for the professional wrestling promotions Combat Zone Wrestling and IWA Mid South as the manager of Cult Fiction.
Along with Lewis, the threesome swiftly took the lead in promoting wrestling around the country, signing some of the top wrestlers to exclusive contracts.
Ross is best known for his appearances with Jim Crockett Promotions and World Championship Wrestling in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Toru Ito in Saku, Nagano is a Japanese professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Toru Owashi.
Perfect" Hennig, the grandfather of Joe "Curtis Axel" Hennig and Amy "Ms.
She won the Divas Championship for the second time at the Royal Rumble in January 2011.
Celso Reyes Daza is a luchador, or professional wrestler, best known under his ring name Ciclón Ramírez.
Alex Pliakos is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name "The Golden Greek" Alex Arion.
She also wrestled Diane Von Hoffman aka Moondog Fifi for 2 summers in Canada 1983-1985.
In 2008, Striker began working as a color commentator for WWE's ECW brand and then SmackDown brand.
He also organises wrestling shows Australia wide for the Supanova Pop Culture Expo.
He is perhaps best known for his work in Stu Hart's Stampede Wrestling, where he won multiple championship titles.
James Hines is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Bobby Fulton.
On February 27, 2017, she was announced as an inductee in the WWE Hall of Fame.
Together with his brothers he forms a group called Los Hermanos Dinamita , also known as Los Capos when they team up with Apolo Dantés.
Bonzai Kid appeared in several WCW events as opening matches.
In 2015, McIntosh signed a contract with WWE, and was assigned to WWE's Performance Center in Orlando, Florida.
In the early 1960s, Vachon became a main eventer in the American Wrestling Association.
Abdullah Al-Ghrbi is a former wrestler, who represented North Yemen at the 1988 Summer Olympic Games in the men's freestyle 74kg class.
Owens has also worked for various promotions under the National Wrestling Alliance umbrella, winning the NWA World Junior Heavyweight Championship three times.
With Ric Flair, he headlined two shows in North Korea in 1995 that drew 150,000 and 190,000 spectators, the highest attendances in professional wrestling.
He worked for various Japanese and American wrestling promotions from the late 1970s to early 1990s.
He was also the first professional athlete in Islamic Republic of Iran Parliament, from 2004 to 2008 he was a representative of Tehran.
As a college basketball player, Morgan competed in the 1996 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament.
As Miss Hancock she was known for doing table dances, her relationship with David Flair, and a pregnancy angle.
He is best known for his appearances with the Dallas, Texas-based promotion World Class Championship Wrestling between 1976 and 1986.
He is a former WWE Cruiserweight Champion and ROH World Champion.
Toscano currently works for Asistencia Asesoría y Administración.
He is part of The New Day, along with Big E and Kofi Kingston, where they are the current SmackDown Tag Team Champions.
Diamond is best known for his appearances with Extreme Championship Wrestling from 1998 to 2001.
She was the third woman to accomplish the feat, but the only woman to do so under the WWE banner.
Kazushi Miyamoto is a Japanese professional wrestler.
The Minnesota Wrecking Crew were named "Tag Team of the Year" by Pro Wrestling Illustrated in 1975 and 1977.
He is best known for his time with Extreme Championship Wrestling, New Japan Pro Wrestling, World Championship Wrestling, and the World Wrestling Federation.
Matthew Nebeker, better known by the ring name Ethan HD, is an American professional wrestler.
Michael Jerome Tuite was an American professional wrestler.
He is also known as W*ING Kanemura or Wing Kanemura.
Rhyno is a two-time world champion, having held the ECW World Heavyweight Championship and NWA World Heavyweight Championship once each.
In 2010, he had his first lead role in the comedy film Knucklehead, which was produced by WWE Studios.
He has worked for the Australasian Wrestling Federation, Kiwi Pro Wrestling and is currently signed to Impact Pro Wrestling NZ.
Detton was born in Richmond, Utah and raised Mormon.
Brunk is a three-time world heavyweight champion, having held the ECW World Heavyweight Championship- twice and the NWA World Heavyweight Championship once each.
He also holds the distinctions of being both the youngest person ever and the first non-Mexican to win the CMLL World Heavyweight Championship.
She is also known for her appearances with World Championship Wrestling as Miss Madness and Mona in 1999 to 2000.
In 2007, Lawler was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame.
One of the most recognizable pro wrestling stars worldwide, Piper headlined numerous pay-per-view cards, including the WWF and WCW's respective premier annual events, WrestleMania and Starrcade.
In addition, Haas won the last ever match on WWE Heat when the show ended on May 30, 2008.
Young spent time in the XFL, the Canadian Football League, the Arena Football League, and the National Football League.
In late 2010, she resumed her career.
Suicide was "revealed" to be TJ Perkins on the June 30, 2013, episode of Impact Wrestling.
After aborting a suicide attempt in 1993, he reinvented himself as a "bad boy" and became notorious for numerous controversial antics.
He competed in the freestyle wrestling discipline, where he was the 1974 Commonwealth Games champion and 1970 Commonwealth Games bronze medalist, in the middleweight category.
Dave Levin was an American professional wrestler and World Heavyweight Champion who was active in the early portion of the twentieth century.
Takashi Sugiura is a Japanese professional wrestler, currently working for Pro Wrestling Noah.
Jorge Moraza is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Jorge Estrada.
Javier Prado Valaguez is a retired Mexican Luchador, or professional wrestler, best known under the ring name Chamaco Valaguez.
He was inducted into the NWA Hall of Fame in 2009 and the WWE Hall of Fame in 2012.
She has been known as both "The Legs of WCW" and "The Legs of WWE".
Josette "Josie" Bynum is an American professional wrestler.
Jorge Castaño is a Colombian professional wrestler who works for many promotions in the United Kingdom.
He was among the many ICW mainstays who jumped to Tony Rumble's Century Wrestling Alliance in the early-1990s.
Tenay, according to TNA, "is known as 'The Professor' for his extensive knowledge of the sport".
He wrestled in promotions such as Smoky Mountain Wrestling and the United States Wrestling Association before joining the World Wrestling Federation in 1995.
Lance Kurtis McNaught was an American professional wrestler.
Nobuhiko Oshima, better known by his ring name Cima is a Japanese professional wrestler who currently wrestles for Dragon Gate.
She competed in the Women's Wrestling 58 kg  event at the 2014 Commonwealth Games where she won the bronze medal.
Carrying on his shoulders simultaneously a grand piano, a pianist and a dancer.
He is best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment, where he performed under the ring name DJ Gabriel.
He is one-half of the tag team The Headbangers with Mosh.
In the eighth final she beat Erica Dobre from Romania.
George Emile Stipich was a Canadian professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Stan Stasiak.
In 2015, Sandow lost the breakup feud to Miz, was put into a team with Curtis Axel, and then taken off television.
Rios is best known as the Spellbinder and Phantasio from WWE, but he has competed under many other ring names during his career.
She has also worked for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling / Impact Wrestling.
René Montero Rosales is a retired amateur Cuban freestyle wrestler, who competed in the men's flyweight category.
Manami Toyota is a professional wrestler, best known for her work with the All Japan Women's Pro-Wrestling promotion.
As Senior Referee, Hebner officiated most main events during his time with the company from 1988–2005.
Scott Epperson, better known by the ring name Scott Lost, is an American retired professional wrestler.
In 1988, she was the first woman to be awarded Pro Wrestling Illustrated's Rookie of the Year.
Since debuting in 1990, he has wrestled on the East Coast independent circuit.
He had feuds with Abdullah the Butcher, The Sheik, Ivan Koloff, Hans Schmidt and Killer Kowalski.
Throughout his career, Punk consistently portrayed the character of an outspoken, sharp-tongued, anti-establishment, straight edge iconoclast.
Prior to joining WWE he was perhaps best known for his work with Insane Championship Wrestling, where he won the ICW World Heavyweight Championship.
Yoshihiro Asai is a Japanese professional wrestler and actor, better known as Último Dragón.
At the event, they defeated La Sirenita and El Dorado in a best of three falls mixed tag team match.
Christy's wife, Bunny Burmeister, was also a professional wrestler and his manager, working under the name Miss Bunny Love.
Lynn retired as an active wrestler on March 23, 2013, exactly 25 years after his career began.
Throughout his sporting career, Ashkani trained full-time for Takhti Wrestling Club in Ardabil under his coach and mentor jafar Damirchi.
In 2006, Haddad reappeared on the WWE main roster as Idol Stevens, teaming with KC James and allying with Michelle McCool.
Collaborations are also included, as are film and television appearances and home video releases.
Michael "Mike" Bell was an American professional wrestler who worked for the World Wrestling Federation and Extreme Championship Wrestling as Mike "Mad Dog" Bell.
He and Tenzan are also former National Wrestling Alliance World Tag Team Champions.
Ronnie Aaron Killings is an American professional wrestler, actor and rapper.
He previously wrestled under the name DH Smith for WWE and their developmental territory, Florida Championship Wrestling.
Mark William Calaway, better known by the ring name The Undertaker, is an American retired professional wrestler signed to WWE.
Thrasher is a former NWA World Tag Team Champion and WWF World Tag Team Champion.
He is the current Head Chief Creative Officer with the promotion which is now under the ownership of Anthem Sports & Entertainment.
He formed successful tag teams with Erick Stevens and Lex Lovett while touring Japan.
She has also been featured in television commercials for Walt Disney World and Papa John's Pizza.
Michael Eugene Moore is an American retired professional wrestler.
He has previously worked with New Japan Pro Wrestling and All Japan Pro Wrestling.
In Mexico, Mascarita Sagrada has worked for AAA, Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre and a long list of independent promoters over the years.
However, his greatest success was achieved in Mexican promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre during the 1990s.
Kenichiro Arai is a Japanese wrestler for Dragon Gate.
Manabu Murakami is a Japanese professional wrestler.
Francis "Frank" Patrick Hoy was an Irish born Scottish professional wrestler who wrestled variously as Wild Angus, Angus Campbell, Black Angus Campbell or Rasputin.
He quickly began working on the independent circuit alongside his brother Charlie, with the two forming a tag team known as The Haas Brothers.
John Steele Hill was a Canadian professional wrestler best known under the ring names Guy Mitchell, The Stomper and "Gentleman" Jerry Valiant.
Aspin and Arthur Porritt are the only New Zealand Olympians to have carried the flag at two different Olympics.
He has formerly worked in New Japan Pro Wrestling, Pro Wrestling Noah and Pro Wrestling Zero1.
Adolfo Bresciano was an Italian-born Canadian professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Dino Bravo.
Sahota was a villainous mainstay and top attraction in Stu Hart's Stampede Wrestling in Calgary for much of the 1970's and 1980's.
roster and on their debut match in April 2005, Hennigan and Mercury won the WWE Tag Team Championship.
During his tenure with the company, he won the CWA Cruiserweight Championship two times.
Through NJPW's working relationship with Mexican promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre, Devitt also wrestled there, becoming a one-time NWA World Historic Middleweight Champion.
In Russian Freestyle Wrestling Championships 2015 he defeated Jordan Burroughs killer - Denis Tsargush 6-2.
She has also worked the IFBA Boxing League.
He is perhaps best known for his work with Insane Championship Wrestling.
Sawyer later became a "rulebreaker" himself when he relocated to the Southern United States to wrestle for the National Wrestling Alliance.
He suffered from several health problems during his retirement, which worsened considerably after a fall in 2000.
Tyson Smith is a Canadian professional wrestler, best known by his ring name Kenny Omega.
Norman Frederick Charles III was an Australian professional wrestler who is known worldwide under the name Murphy The Surfie.
He has also competed for its rival promotion AAA, making his AAA debut in March 2009 before he returned to CMLL in December 2011.
Alere Little Feather is an American professional wrestler and professional wrestling manager.
Pegasso is a Mexican Luchador enmascarado working for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre.
She wrestled for several independent wrestling promotions, most notably for Shimmer Women Athletes and IWA Mid-South.
He is best known for his work in World Wrestling Entertainment and Extreme Championship Wrestling under the ring names Little Guido Maritato and Nunzio.
He also used it in CZW at Tournament of Death 8 against D.J.
Masayoshi Motegi is a Japanese professional wrestler.
The Iron Mike Foundation was started in his name to raise money for children's charity.
His gear consists of a black mask with a Celtic cross on the forehead of the mask, and black trunks.
She also appeared in WWE as Kharma.
He was considered by Pro Wrestling Illustrated as one of the promotion's "best young veterans", having impressive matches against A.J.
She later started competing on the independent circuit with multiple promotions in the United States for several years, most notably and commonly for Shimmer Women Athletes.
Brian Gamble is an American martial artist and professional wrestler.
Wilhelm Baumann, better known as Billy Sandow, was an American professional wrestler and promoter.
The team held the WWF Women's Tag Team Championship twice and the LPWA Tag Team Championship once.
Leonardo Moreno Ayala is a Mexican luchador, or professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Bárbaro Cavernario.
He also won the NWA Texas Heavyweight Championship in 1948.
He is best known for his work in Ring of Honor and Full Impact Pro in addition to being a member of The Embassy.
Warren Nisbet is a former wrestler from New Zealand.
Ulualoaiga Onosai Tuaolo Emelio was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Cocoa Samoa.
He is also the co-owner of the Charlotte-based Professional Wrestling Federation and its wrestling school with longtime rival George South.
In their mainstream success, Satō and Ueda paved the way for the even more popular team, the Crush Gals, of the 1980s.
However, his real name was widely acknowledged.
His role was a minor one, though he did appear in the film's climactic fight scene, battling star Chuck Norris.
He was one-half of the tag team The Fantastics with Bobby Fulton.
Ronald Welch is a retired professional wrestler and manager better known by his ring names Ron Fuller and Tennessee Stud.
Anoaʻi was posthumously inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2012.
Due to a series of injuries, he allowed his contract with the company to expire in 2002.
Patrick Schulz is a professional wrestler under the ring names "Handsome" Patrick Schulz and "Made in Germany" Patrick Schulz.
He has been called a "pioneer of the new generation of European wrestling".
She has also had short stints in Ring of Honor, World League Wrestling and Women's Extreme Wrestling.
He is also known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment, where he is a two-time ECW World Champion and one-time United States Champion.
Puerto competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona where he won a gold medal in the men's freestyle wrestling event, the bantamweight class.
Neville was called onto the main roster in 2015 and was later drafted to Raw in the 2016 draft.
Mark Kyle is an American semi-retired professional wrestler, known by his ring name, Killer Kyle.
He was candidate for San Antonio City Council District 7, and received local media attention at the time because of his young age.
Juan Escalera is a Mexican luchador enmascarado better known as Octagón.
This was during the time when professional wrestling was a legitimate sport.
Scott Antol is an American former professional wrestler.
Stephan Simpson is a former professional wrestler better known as Steve Simpson.
Kimura was known for his work in promotions like Dramatic Dream Team, W*ING, Fighting World of Japan Pro Wrestling and All Japan Pro Wrestling, among others.
Buck is the owner and operator of Wrestlepro federation.
He is a three-time Olympic gold medalist, five-time World Champion, and four-time Champion of Pan American Games.
On many interviews Skip Young said he loved the Puerto Rican culture.
Kanellis began competing in the ring as a wrestler in 2005.
Coffey has also previously competed in Japan for Pro Wrestling ZERO1 where he became the first ever Scottish wrestler to perform in the Korakuen Hall.
She had two highly publicized marriages, to retired baseball star Joe DiMaggio and playwright Arthur Miller, both of which ended in divorce.
David Williams, better known by his ring name, David Young, is an American professional wrestler.
Perfect" Curt Hennig and his grandfather Larry "The Axe" Hennig and won the Intercontinental Championship.
After being trained by Donovan Morgan and Michael Modest, Smith began wrestling on the independent circuit.
He also portrayed the on-screen role of WWF President from 1995 to 1997.
Reso wrestled in Canadian independent promotions early in his career, where he frequently competed in singles and tag team competition with longtime best friend Adam Copeland.
Richter, however, left the WWF after losing the championship in controversial fashion.
He participated in the 2000, 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics.
In WWE, Heyman has managed a record five WWE Champions: Brock Lesnar, Big Show, Kurt Angle, Rob Van Dam, and CM Punk.
He previously worked as Cicloncito Ramírez, a mini version of Ciclón Ramirez.
He also worked as the masked character Bengala in Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide and Lucha Underground between 2013 and 2016.
She was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame on April 5, 2014.
Andrew McLean Galloway IV is a Scottish professional wrestler currently signed to WWE, where he performs in their NXT brand under the ring name Drew McIntyre.
Yamazaki is the fourth wrestler to portray the Tiger Mask persona; having used it since 1995.
Héctor Solano Segura was a Mexican professional wrestler, known by his ring name Héctor Garza, who last worked for AAA.
He wrestled for the old Studio Wrestling program on WIIC-TV in Pittsburgh, hosted by Bill Cardille.
Stephen Farrelly is an Irish professional wrestler and actor.
He represented his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.
He is also part of the promotion's board of directors.
After leaving office, Ventura became a visiting fellow at Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government in 2004.
Borash was involved in the now defunct World Championship Wrestling and World Wrestling All-Stars promotions.
In September 2007, the company organized a unification tournament where all of the champions and first contenders participated.
David W. Peterson was an American professional wrestler, known by his ring name, D.J.
Chris Barton Adkisson was an American professional wrestler, best known under the ring name Chris Von Erich of the Von Erich family.
He also launched a fitness website with several other superstars.
Francesco Roda is an American professional wrestler and author better known by his ring name Frankie Arion.
In 2007, Colón signed a developmental contract with WWE, being assigned to Florida Championship Wrestling.
Toni Rose is an American former professional wrestler.
During Prichard's run as Brother Love, he hosted his own segment The Brother Love Show where he would usually support the heel wrestlers.
He was a nine-time Puerto Rican champion.
Miguel José Pérez was a Puerto Rican professional wrestler who was best known for his tag team with Antonino Rocca.
Malia Hosaka, is an American professional wrestler.
He also wrestled as Prince Puma for Lucha Underground, where he was the inaugural and two-time Lucha Underground Champion.
She is best known for her time in World Championship Wrestling and World Wrestling Entertainment.
He is also the owner of Ayrshire-based wrestling promotion: Pro Wrestling Elite.
He is the co-owner of the Looking4Larry Agency in New York City, which was named one of Advertising Age's Top 100 Global Marketers.
Longtime wrestler Kurt Angle said of Booker: "He's done it all... he legitimately is one of the top five best of all time."
Four-time WWE world champion Daniel Bryan said that his "number one guy, growing up, was Dean Malenko."
In 2007, Elegido was among several luchadors that represented AAA in an inter-promotional show with Pro Wrestling Noah at the Differ Ariake Arena.
In CZW, Brain Damage is a two time CZW Iron Man Champion and a two time CZW Ultraviolent Underground Champion.
During his career, he wrestled in countries including Ireland, Pacific Islands, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and the United States of America.
She has also made appearances in Wrestlicious as Amber Lively.
He also wrestled in South Africa as Big John Strongbo.
He published his autobiography, The Hardcore Truth: The Bob Holly Story, in 2013.
He is best known for his time in WWE under the ring name Hornswoggle.
She also posed for a cover and nude pictorial in the April 2006 issue of Playboy.
He has also worked for Combat Zone Wrestling, Dragon Gate USA and Full Impact Pro.
His gimmick is inspired by the Ryukyuan Shisa.
The duo won the WWE Tag Team Championship while Mizdow became one of WWE's most popular wrestlers.
Wippleman began his career working in professional wrestling promotions in the Southern United States, especially Memphis.
In 2009, McMahon announced his resignation from WWE which went into effect January 1, 2010.
Toshiaki Kawada is a Japanese semi-retired professional wrestler who is most known for his work in All Japan Pro Wrestling.
Daniel López López is a Mexican Luchador, or professional wrestler best known under the ring name Satánico.
He is currently the lead announcer for Ring of Honor.
She performs on the independent circuit, most notably for Combat Zone Wrestling.
He is notable among American wrestling fans for defeating Ben Askren at the 2008 Olympics.
Bradley Joseph Annis is a retired bodybuilder, powerlifter, fitnessguru, professional wrestler, gym owner and firefighter.
He was signed to WWE from 2013 to 2015, appearing in its developmental promotion NXT under the ring name Solomon Crowe.
He is a former Ohio Valley Wrestling Heavyweight Champion.
Dennis Condrey is an American retired professional wrestler, best known as being one half of the tag team Midnight Express.
She is perhaps best known for her time with the World Wrestling Federation during 1999 as Ryan Shamrock.
Javier Espinosa Romero is a Mexican luchador, or masked professional wrestler best known under the ring name Tony Rivera.
Afterwards, StarBuck continued working in Tajiri's new Wrestling New Classic promotion, winning the promotion's top title, the WNC Championship, in February 2014.
Joshua Harter better known by his ring name Chris Sabin, is an American professional wrestler.
Booker is a six-time world champion, having won the WCW World Heavyweight Championship five times and WWE's World Heavyweight Championship once.
Pat Patterson is a Canadian/American retired professional wrestler.
Throughout his career Fuerza Guerrera has held many titles for CMLL, AAA and IWRG.
She is also known as Elle Cee, where she has appeared in several adult films, such as on the bangbus.com website.
Hyde., and Tournament of Death 8.5 : Rewind against MASADA.
He also formed a successful tag team with Butch Reed in the Florida region winning the NWA North American Tag Team titles in April 1982.
He was also an actor, with his most famous role as the villain Oddjob in the James Bond film Goldfinger.
Vanessa Kraven is a Canadian professional wrestler who competes in several independent promotions in both the United States and Canada.
Paul Vachon is a Canadian retired professional wrestler.
He also is active in the United Steelworkers of America and currently is an Allegheny County councilman.
La Diabólica is a former two time CMLL World Women's Champion and a former Mexican National Women's Champion.
Thomas R. Couch was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Tommy Rogers.
She was later aligned with The Hurricane.
Gadowar Singh Sahota is an Indian/Canadian semi-retired professional wrestler known as Gama Singh and Great Gama.
At the 1934 Empire Games he won the bronze medal in the freestyle welterweight class.
After retiring from professional wrestling in 2014, Punk pursued a career in mixed martial arts and was signed by the UFC in December of that year.
César Cuauhtémoc González Barrón is a Luchador Enmascarado and actor.
Swanson holds several powerlifting world records for women, including the highest squat, highest deadlift, highest bench press and highest total lift.
Castagnoli and Hero were voted as the 2010 Tag Team of the Year by Wrestling Observer Newsletter readers.
Richards is a former ROH World Champion.
He was inducted into the 2017 WWE Hall of Fame by Ron Simmons and JBL.
The case was controversial from the beginning, with extensive and prolonged nationwide media coverage.
Romeo Valentino is a retired American professional wrestler and promoter.
Robert F. Jeaudoin was an American professional wrestler, best known under the ring name of "Hangman" Bobby Jaggers.
While he wrestled briefly for World Championship Wrestling, he found his greatest success in Mexico's Asistencia Asesoría y Administración promotion.
Heavy Metal originally wrestled as Canelo Casas, but this Casas claims to not be a son but a nephew of the original Canelo Casas.
Following a try-out, Hager signed a WWE contract in mid 2006.
He is perhaps the most famous professional wrestling referee today, best known from his time as the Senior Referee for the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment.
George Burrell Woodin was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring names, Mr. Wrestling and Tim Woods.
Jacques Rougeau Sr. is a Canadian former professional wrestler.
In October 2014, she began starring in the reality television series Total Divas on E!
In 2003, Colón signed a developmental contract with World Wrestling Entertainment, working for the promotion until 2010.
William Brenneman is an American retired professional wrestler and mixed martial artist, better known by his ring name Jerry Flynn.
However, he was used sporadically during his whole tenure, and spent a lot of time injured.
Jason Cross is an American professional wrestler best known for his time in NWA Wildside, where he is a former NWA Wildside Heavyweight Champion.
He held every championship title in both promotions as well as engaged in feuds with Cactus Jack and Stevie Richards.
Lloyd Anoaʻi is an American professional wrestler and professional wrestling manager.
Iorio wrestled as an enforcer for The Full Blooded Italians in Extreme Championship Wrestling in the late 1990s.
At the 2012 London Olympics he won a silver medal.
His best known for his appearance was in Pro Wrestling Noah and was part of The Mighty Don't Kneel.
Yōsuke Kobayashi, is a Japanese professional wrestler best known by his stage name Abdullah Kobayashi after Abdullah the Butcher, who was his trainer.
He was the son of longtime Texas wrestler and wrestling promoter Fritz Von Erich and a member of the Von Erich family.
Randal Barry Orton, better known as Barry Orton, is an American actor, musician, and former professional wrestler.
In 2011, Hennig won the WWE Tag Team Championship with David Otunga as a member of The New Nexus.
They also had memorable feuds with George Becker and Johnny Weaver, Rip Hawk and Swede Hanson, Lars and Ole Anderson and Mr. Wrestling and Sam Steamboat.
He died of cancer on Saturday, August 13, 2005.
Daizee Haze is an American former professional wrestler.
He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2010.
Terry Wayne Allen is an American retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Magnum T.A..
Has earned bronze medal in Junior World's Championships in 1992.
Phillips served as the play-by-play commentator on NXT from 2014-2017 and on 205 Live.
He was released from WCW in May 1995 due to budget cuts.
After briefly working on the independent circuit and in Extreme Championship Wrestling, Dumas signed with World Wrestling Federation in 1999.
He competed in the freestyle featherweight event at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
This page is on the former pro wrestler, Rene Goulet.
He is the founder and owner of New Experience Wrestling, as well as a board member of Ohio Valley Wrestling.
After American World Cup, In Russian National Freestyle Wrestling Championships 2015 he lost in the second round and was eliminated from the сhampionships.
After being released by WWE in 2004, Kim joined TNA in September 2005.
In 2003, he was forced to retire due to chronic injuries caused by his signature bumps to the outside of the ring.
Vachon was highly influential, especially in Canada, and was inducted into numerous professional wrestling Halls of Fame.
His life and work both inside and outside the ring attracted great public interest in the late 19th century.
Burke started out in 1935, wrestling men at carnivals.
In 1998, Nakano began competing as a professional golfer, and in 2006, she joined a tour with the Ladies Professional Golf Association.
After beginning her career as a fitness model, Stratus began working for the World Wrestling Federation, which was later renamed World Wrestling Entertainment.
He soon formed a tag team, known as Ink Inc., with Jesse Neal in April.
He is currently head trainer for Ohio Valley Wrestling.
He is currently a referee, signed to WWE, on their developmental territory NXT, under his real name.
Megumi Takayama is a Japanese entertainment personality and former professional wrestler.
She is also known for her time in Shimmer Women Athletes and various other independent promotions under the ring name Nikki Roxx.
Angelo John Poffo was an American professional wrestler and wrestling promoter.
She is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment between 1999 and 2005 under the ring name Ivory.
In May 2014, Pro Wrestling Illustrated ranked Marconi #5 of the top ten wrestlers in the NWA.
She is the only member of the Brazilian National team that is qualified to go to the 2008 Olympic Games.
Harry Fujiwara was an American professional wrestler and manager, known professionally by his ring name Mr. Fuji.
Seyed Ahmad Mohammadi Pahnehkalaei is an Iranian wrestler who won the silver medal at the 2014 World Championships.
Rhyno previously appeared in WWE from 2001 to 2005 and again in their developmental system NXT from 2015 to 2016.
González has won the WWC Universal Heavyweight Championship and the IWA World Heavyweight Championship on numerous occasions.
Amir Abbas Moradi Ganji is an Iranian wrestler.
An accomplished karateka, his style is based upon strong, fast kicks and strikes.
Along with Drew Blood he was a member of the tag team Notorious Inc.
Between the NWA, AJPW, and NJPW, Kojima has held 19 total championships.
Michael Laauli "Mike" Hayner is an American professional wrestler.
Ruth is best known for his appearances in the World Wrestling Federation between 1996 and 2000.
Leon was also the owner a successful wrestling school whose students included Steve "The Brawler" Lawler, "Playboy" Bobby Starr, Axl Rotten and Joey Maggs.
Watanabe has worked for New Japan Pro-Wrestling since his debut in 2011, and has also competed in the United States for companies including Ring of Honor.
Christopher Melendez is an American professional wrestler and a second-generation United States Army Veteran, best known for his time in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Barry Buchanan is an American retired professional wrestler.
Christopher Morgan Klucsarits was an American professional wrestler.
Miceli competes in the world of monster trucks.
Ventura remains politically active and currently hosts a show on Ora TV and on RT America called Off the Grid.
He was also the first foreign MMA Champion in Japan, winning the title of King of Pancrase.
There he won the Hardcore, Southern Tag Team and Southern Heavyweight Championships.
He dominated the cruiserweight division during the first half of 2000, winning the company's Cruiserweight Championship twice before departing the company later that year.
Último Dragoncito is a Tapatío Mexican luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler.
Espíritu / Dark Espíritu is a Mexican Luchador who’s most well known for working as a heel character in Antonio Peña.
He is the only man to hold the NWA, WCW and TNA world championships in a career.
She is best known for her appearances with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Gary Fletcher, was an American professional wrestler who was best known by his ring name, Man Mountain Mike.
Rycklon Ezekiel Stephens is a Guyanese-American professional wrestler best known for his tenure in WWE under the ring name Ezekiel Jackson.
Prince Nana Osei Bandoh is an American retired professional wrestler and manager of Ghanaian extraction, better known by his ring name, Prince Nana.
He is also known for his appearances with Smoky Mountain Wrestling in Tennessee and on the independent circuit in Florida and the northeastern United States.
The book helped successfully fund a kickstarter to help offset medical costs after Kamala lost both legs to diabetes in 2011.
He is currently signed to Impact Wrestling, and is the former two-time Impact Grand Champion.
Roni Jonah is a Canadian director, actress, and professional wrestler.
In addition to world title success, Eudy held the WCW United States Heavyweight Championship once, among other accolades.
One of his former students, Christopher Daniels, started his career in DeCero's promotion and later became an established star on the independent circuit and in TNA.
Brian Lee Harris is an American semi-retired professional wrestler.
A likely reference to the African American wrestler of the 1930s-1960s, Jack Claybourne.
For much of his career, Bloom teamed with Mike Enos as The Destruction Crew/The Beverly Brothers.
In September 2001, Haas suffered a heart attack, and three months later in December, he died in his sleep at the age of 27.
Carl Joseph Yvon Ouellet is a Canadian retired professional wrestler.
In March 2017, he was appointed as the lead play by play commentator for Impact Wrestling after being mentored by Mike Tenay for many years.
Robinson was one of the few wrestlers who was successful in several continents, winning titles in promotions nearly everywhere he wrestled.
Tomoaki Honma is a Japanese professional wrestler.
In recent years, he has switched to regular tights.
Nikita Koloff is an American retired professional wrestler, actor, and minister.
Williams is also a musician, actor and a bodyguard for VIP artists and personnel.
Yurnet is a former two-time WWC Universal Heavyweight Championship.
His ring name was changed to Manik, using a slightly altered version of the Suicide ring-gear, with new music.
Renato Ruíz Cortes is a Mexican professional wrestler better known by the ring name Averno.
better known under his ring name, Kafu.
He also wrestled for Ring of Honor, where he is a former World Tag Team Champion with Shingo Takagi, as well as Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
He upset Jeff Jarrett on 18 March 2017 in Clarksville, TN to win the title.
Joseph Reid was an English freestyle sport wrestler who competed for Great Britain in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
Cassidy Riley, also known as Kassidy James, is an American professional wrestler signed to Global Force Wrestling.
He then competed in the World Wrestling Federation where he won the WWF Tag Team Championship with Baron Scicluna.
Pequeño Olímpico is Spanish for "Little Olympian", alluding to the fact that he wrestles as a mini version of Olímpico.
Majalahti also worked for six years between 2009 - 2015 as a play-by-play commentator for the Finnish broadcasts of WWE programming on Eurosport.
In an attempt to promote her music career, Hogan and her father appeared in a one-hour special on VH1.
After a year with NJPW, Dorada returned to CMLL in February 2016.
Daniel Caine Lyon, better known by his ring name Super Dragon, is an American professional wrestler.
After his American football career was over, he became a professional wrestler.
He is currently working for Pro Wrestling Zero1.
Chyna first rose to prominence in the World Wrestling Federation in 1997, where she was billed as the "Ninth Wonder of the World".
Her ring name, "La Diabólica" means "The Diabolical One" in Spanish.
During his career, Tattrie wrestled all over the globe, wrestling for promotions across the United States and Canada, Africa, Japan, Singapore, and Puerto Rico.
Douglas Clayton Durdle is an English professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Doug Williams.
Frye was inducted into the UFC Hall of Fame in 2016.
Kanellis has wrestled for Ring of Honor, World Wrestling Entertainment, and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, where she is a former TNA Knockouts Champion.
Drew McDonald was a Scottish professional wrestler.
He also works for Pro Wrestling Kageki, where he is a former Hakata Tag Team Champion.
She was assigned to WWE's developmental territory Ohio Valley Wrestling in Louisville, Kentucky in 2005, to continue her wrestling training.
Mickie Jay Henson is an American professional wrestling referee.
In early 1989, Zuleyma became the first WWA World Women's Championship and eventually lost the title to Lola Gonzales in Tijuana on July 20, 1989.
Following his training, he competed in Afa's World Xtreme Wrestling promotion.
He is the host of the Discovery Channel series Lords of the Car Hoards.
He is a former one-time WWE Intercontinental and Tag Team Champion.
His sons are also both wrestlers under the names of Tiger Kid and Puma King respectively.
She was released from her WWE contract in 2005 after revealing that she was pregnant, which resulted in her filing a lawsuit against her former employers.
Tom Budgen is a Dutch professional wrestler.
True Long Island Story where he proclaimed himself WWE's "Internet Champion", though this championship was not sanctioned by WWE.
He is a member of the İstanbul Büyükşehir Belediyesi S.K.. Gül studied at Niğde University.
Cora Svonsteckik, better known by her ring name as Cora Combs, was an American professional wrestler.
With Michaels, The Rockers became two time World Tag Team Champions in the American Wrestling Association.
Elizabeth Ann Hulette, best known in professional wrestling circles as Miss Elizabeth or simply Elizabeth, was an American professional wrestling manager and occasional professional wrestler.
He also wrestled for Jim Crockett Promotions, the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment, Extreme Championship Wrestling and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Pedro Ortiz Villanueva is a Mexican professional wrestler, or luchador, and wrestling trainer who is best known under the ring name Pirata Morgan.
Stuart Charles Tomlinson is an English former professional wrestler and professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Northern Premier League Premier Division side Altrincham.
A popular "heel" in Great Britain during this time, he held the British World Heavyweight Championship a record four times between 1980 and 1986.
In May 2010, Layla won the WWE Women's Championship for the first time, making her the first British woman to hold the championship.
His best-known character is that of an American patriot, which sees him use a 2x4 length of wood as a weapon, the battle cry "Hooo!"
He left WCW in 2000 after the company failed to elevate him to a main event spot.
She has won many titles, national and international, such as the Shine Championship, the Shine Tag Team Championship or the Wonder of Stardom Championship.
Donald "Don" Callis is a Canadian professional wrestling color commentator and former professional wrestler and manager.
In June 2004, Slater was convicted for the stabbing of his former girlfriend Theresa Halbert.
After retiring, Orndorff worked as a professional wrestling trainer.
He began his career in 1964 and wrestled primarily in Florida, Georgia and the Carolinas.
In 2015, Nakamura was inducted into the Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame.
Marc Mero is an American retired amateur boxer and professional wrestler, as well as a motivational speaker.
He was known as "Tarzan" because of his bodybuilder's physique, Lopez held the Mexican national welterweight championship from 1936 through 1939.
She is also an inaugural, former two-time WWE Divas Champion and a two-time WWE Women's Champion and a one-time Diva of the Year.
Heinrich Barnes is a male freestyle wrestler from South Africa.
Katie Glass is a retired professional wrestler, better known by her ring name "Diamond Lil".
He also won the NWA New England Tag Team Championship with The Outpatient as Criminally Insane and Corporal Robinson as 5-0.
After his June 2014 release from WWE, Yamamoto returned to NJPW the following October, performing under the tweaked ring name Yoshitatsu.
Steiner is best known for his tenure with World Championship Wrestling, where he was an eight time World Tag Team Champion.
He is best known for his appearances with the World Wrestling Federation from 1999 to 2001 under the ring name Rodney.
He was inducted into the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame in 2002 and the WWE Hall of Fame as part of the Class of 2010.
Fred Peloquin, is a retired professional wrestler best known as for his work in the International Wrestling Alliance as Puppy Dog Peloquin.
His feud with Phil "Nitro" Monahan is considered by the NWA to be one of the organization's "fiercest rivalries" in recent years.
Jeff Bradley is an American professional wrestler.
He is also part of the All Japan Board of Directors.
At Night of Champions in 2010, she unified both titles becoming the first and only WWE Unified Divas Champion.
He competed again at the 2012 Summer Olympics, finishing in 7th place.
He has also wrestled in several other promotions and was signed to a contract with World Wrestling Entertainment for several years.
Houston Harris was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Bobo Brazil.
Kazunari Murakami is a Japanese professional wrestler and a retired mixed martial artist currently working as a freelancer.
Steven Scott is a Canadian professional wrestler currently competing for various promotions under his real name.
Favorite maneuvers were back flying kick, body slam and leg breaker etc.
He retired in 1977, and subsequently worked with disadvantaged youth.
She also had an unofficial NWA Women's World Tag Team Championship reign with partner Sue Green.
He is the son of professional wrestler Bob Orton Sr., the brother of professional wrestler Barry Orton, and the father of professional wrestler Randy Orton.
Hayner then fell into the ranks due to some issues with management before being repackaged as "The Artist".
After their split, London began competing in the cruiserweight division and won the WWE Cruiserweight Championship.
He was best known for his tenure in World Championship Wrestling under the ring name The Renegade, where he was a one-time WCW World Television Champion.
Makabe's wrestling style and character is heavily influenced by the late Bruiser Brody.
She made her debut on the main roster in August 2011, and remained with the company until her release in June 2014.
Katsuyori Shibata is a Japanese professional wrestler and mixed martial artist.
Martin Burns himself claimed to have wrestled in more than 6,000 matches and is said to have lost only seven.
Nava originally worked in Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre's Minis division and held the CMLL World Mini-Estrella Championship but later moved into the regular division.
He wrestled briefly in the World Wrestling Federation as a babyface under a "Rebel" gimmick, but soon returned to WCW.
Charles Doyle "Charlie" Haas II is an American semi-retired professional and amateur wrestler.
In 1956, he was joined by his brother, Jacques Rougeau, Sr.
News and for his stints in Extreme Championship Wrestling and World Championship Wrestling.
The original Fantasma gave Ibaes permission to use the name as well.
He formed a tag team with his kayfabe cousin Hardcore Holly, with whom he won the WWF World Tag Team Championship.
He is best known for working in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring names Rob Terry and The Freak.
For two years in the World Wrestling Federation, he was "The African Dream" Akeem.
He is often confused with his twin brother Mohammad Hossein Mohebbi, who competed alongside, but in lighter categories.
Along with member Joseph Bruce, Utsler founded the independent record label Psychopathic Records with Alex Abbiss as manager in 1991.
Shuji Kondo is a Japanese professional wrestler.
Satoru Sayama is a Japanese professional wrestler and mixed martial arts promoter, best known as the original Tiger Mask.
In Japan, she worked for All Japan Women's Pro-Wrestling, holding numerous titles.
He is the son of Verne Gagne.
Fraev was a runner up at the Asian Championships in 2000, and won a bronze in 1997 and 1999.
In June 2007, she was drafted to Raw, where she participated in numerous tag team matches after allying with Melina.
London and Kendrick were managed by Ashley Massaro.
She is notable for being one of the first women to wrestle in the Men's Division in Australia.
Betty Wade-Murphy is an American former professional wrestler better known by her ring name Joyce Grable.
Backlund was also an accomplished amateur wrestler for the North Dakota State University Bison from the late 1960s to early 1970s.
He signed with Burton Albion in September 2012, but retired through injury in July 2013.
Gionna Jene Daddio is an American professional wrestler currently signed to WWE under the ring name Liv Morgan, performing on their developmental territory NXT.
He has also wrestled for other promotions, including the United States Wrestling Association, Smokey Mountain Wrestling and the World Wrestling Council.
Lewis Montagna, born Luigi Montagna and better known as Bull Montana, was an Italian-American professional wrestler and actor.
In February 2007, Hall developed an in-ring persona as a tone-deaf singer.
In the Athens Olympics, Dabir lost all of his matches due to shoulder injury.
Gran Akuma is a professional wrestler, best known for his work in Chikara.
Throughout his sporting career, Zeidvand trained full-time for Rahahan Wrestling Club under his coach and mentor Gholamreza Ghetassi.
Angel Medina is an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Angel.
Jerome Fleisch is an English professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Jody Fleisch.
The Great Khali debuted in WWE alongside Daivari and had alliances with Ranjin Singh and Jinder Mahal.
In 2000, Golden joined NWA Wildside where was part of Jeff G. Bailey's NWA Elite stable with Ruckus, Onyx, and Terry Knight.
She returned to the Raw brand in July 2007, and was heavily pushed, dominating the other WWE Divas and gaining the nickname, "The Glamazon".
James Herbert Ferrier Dryden was a New Zealand wrestler who won a silver medal at the 1938 British Empire Games.
Bassarab is a two time Stampede International Tag Team champion.
Not to be confused with the later Ruckus
He began a two-month winning streak before feuding with the company's top wrestlers for the next two years.
Wayne Munn was an American professional wrestler, World Heavyweight Champion and collegiate football player from the University of Nebraska.
He also briefly competed in WCW as part of the nWo Japan.
Despite this, he has managed to become a three-time Open the Owarai Gate Champion.
He competed from 1861 to 1891, traveling throughout the United States and Canada to face the top wrestlers of the day.
Malenko was born into a wrestling family, and his father Boris Malenko was a prominent wrestling figure in his own right.
Shigeki Sato is a Japanese professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Dick Togo.
Throughout his career, he has won several titles, including four in WCW and 15 in WWE.
During his sporting career, he has been training for the Palauan Amateur Wrestling Federation under his personal coach Lee Joong-Sub.
Alexander "Alex" Wright is a German former professional wrestler and professional wrestling promoter.
Michael Gregory Mizanin is an American professional wrestler, reality television star, and actor.
Jericho has headlined multiple pay-per-view events during his time with the company, including a performance as the Undisputed WWF Champion at WrestleMania X8 in 2002.
Among the other names Runnels has performed under are Black Reign and Seven.
Akira Taue is a retired Japanese professional wrestler, who is currently working for Pro Wrestling Noah as an advisor.
After being escorted under police guard, Tsobari found a woman that spoke Hebrew and German.
He also co-hosted the popular Cloverleaf Radio on the same channel.
His feud with The Sandman in the mid-1990s has been described as "one of the most emotional rivalries in sports-entertainment's history".
Donald Delbert Jardine was a Canadian professional wrestler best known for his masked gimmick as The Spoiler.
As the ninth Triple Crown Champion in WCW history, Booker is one of four men in history to achieve both the WWE and WCW Triple Crowns.
He is perhaps best known for his work in Ring of Honor, Total Nonstop Action Wrestling and Pro Wrestling Extreme.
Jaime Lynne is an American retired professional wrestler and valet, better known by her ring name, Lollipop.
He headlined Saturday Night's Main Event XXXI, against Bret Hart for the WWF Championship.
Kofi Nahaje Sarkodie-Mensah is a Ghanaian-American professional wrestler.
Angel Orsini is an American professional wrestler bodybuilder and mixed martial artist, best known by her ring name Riptide.
Throughout his career, he was also known by the nickname "Mad Dog".
Everett Lawrence Titus is an American professional wrestler.
Mary Louis Kanellis, better known as Maria Kanellis, is an American professional wrestler, actress and singer currently signed to WWE, performing on the SmackDown brand.
She left TNA in September 2008, and has since appeared for several independent promotions.
He was the owner and promoter of the Minneapolis-based American Wrestling Association, the predominant promotion throughout the Midwest and Manitoba for many years.
In the late 1980s, she joined the World Wrestling Federation, where she held the WWF Women's Championship.
Though he has mainly appeared with NWA Wildside and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, Young has also competed for Ring of Honor, AAA and ZERO-ONE.
In professional wrestling, Piper was best known to international audiences for his work with the World Wrestling Federation and World Championship Wrestling between 1984 and 2000.
Jon Skrypnyk is a Canadian professional wrestler, best known by his ring name Jon Cutler.
Ladd found success in the AFL as one of the largest players in professional football history at 6' 9" and 315 pounds.
Reginald Lisowski was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, The Crusher.
Mohammad Talaei is an Iranian retired wrestler.
Alexa Thatcher is an American professional wrestler who regularly wrestles for Shimmer Women Athletes and various other promotions on the independent circuit.
He is best known for his work for Stampede Wrestling and several appearances for WWE, often with his siblings Bret, Owen, Bruce and Diana.
He played college football for Florida State University, and was recognized as an All-American.
He remained under the pupilage of Great Gama of India for 15 years.
Castagnoli is also known for his feats of strength in the ring and is frequently mentioned as one of WWE's best and most underrated performers.
He is notable for his tenures with the World Wrestling Federation, World Championship Wrestling and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling in creative roles.
Between WWE, TNA, ROH and NJPW, Styles has held 26 total championships.
He is best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment under the ring name Deuce between 2007 and 2009; he also wrestled as Sim Snuka.
Pedro Aguayo Damián better known as "(El) Perro Aguayo" and El Can de Nochistlan is a famous Mexican wrestler through the 1970s to the 1990s.
Hibiscus Mii is a female professional wrestler, who currently works for Ryukyu Dragon Pro Wrestling.
He competed in the World Wrestling Federation as a member of the Hispanic stable Los Boricuas in the late 1990s.
He is a two-time holder of the Gaora TV Championship.
He participated in Men's freestyle 66 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics.
In his obituary, The Washington Post described him as "a professional wrestler whose blue-collar bona fides made him beloved among working class fans for 40 years".
She is known for performing on the independent circuit for World Xtreme Wrestling and Shimmer Women Athletes, among others.
He competed primarily in promotions operated by the National Wrestling Alliance, like the Continental Wrestling Association and Georgia Championship Wrestling.
He is signed to New Japan Pro-Wrestling, where he is a former two-time IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Champion.
Dave Meltzer has called Flamita "one of the best [high-flying wrestlers] in the world", comparing him to Rey Mysterio.
Outside of TNA, Skipper hosted "The College Experiment" on Fox Sports and appeared on the Home Shopping Network.
El Alebrije is a Mexican Luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler, currently working for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre under the ring name Kraneo.
She was known for wrestling barefoot and her high flying wrestling maneuvers.
Everett Marshall was an American professional wrestler who was best known for his work in the late 1930s with what is now National Wrestling Alliance.
Súper Nova is the ring name of a Mexican luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler, currently working for Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide as Bengala.
Frank Benedict Gerdelman is an American professional wrestler.
Daniel Lopez is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Dan "Danny" Maff.
Larry Davies was a professional wrestler best known as Larry O'Dea.
He has also worked for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, AAA and Lucha Libre USA under the ring name Rellik.
Betty Jo Niccoli is an American former female professional wrestler.
He signed with WWE as the lead SmackDown announcer in January 2016, making his debut on the brand's premier on the USA Network.
Kontellis has worked for many wrestling promotions throughout his career, including WCW Australia and WWWF for Vince McMahon Sr..
He is best known for his stint in Extreme Championship Wrestling under the ring name EZ Money.
Bill White was an American professional wrestler, using the ring name "Wild" Bill White, from 1964 until his retirement in 1987.
Wright declared before an audience in Gary, Indiana, that he would no longer participate in segregated wrestling.
Following his stint with WWE, Birch continued his wrestling career, appearing at several independent promotions, including competing at Ring of Honor events.
On March 31, 2017 in Orlando, Florida, the Rock 'n' Roll Express were inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame on the Friday before Wrestlemania 33.
In 2011, Stratus was a trainer for WWE Tough Enough.
He is to not be confused with Nebraska and Iowa wrestler, Chris Michaels who worked for the USWA with tag team partner Todd Morton.
Critics have praised his abilities at managing and on the microphone.
At age 61, Seiji Sakaguchi came out of retirement to team up with Masahiro Chono against Yoshihiro Takayama and Shinya Makabe on September 14, 2003.
Rodríguez graduated from the Central University of Venezuela with a degree in journalism and has worked as an actor, singer, dancer, playwright and director.
He also won gold medals at the Asian Games in 1986 and at the Asian Championships in 1983, 1989 and 1991.
He has also worked for NWA Anarchy and other independent promotions under the ring name Austin Creed.
Nobukazu Hirai is a Japanese professional wrestler currently competing in All Japan Pro Wrestling as Super Hate.
William Daley better known by his ring name Billy Silverman, is a professional wrestling referee who worked for World Championship Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation.
During his affiliation with AJPW, he also served as the chairman for the Pacific Wrestling Federation, which is the governing body for all championships in AJPW.
Cory James Weston is an American professional wrestler.
He previously wrestled for WWE as Mike Mondo and Mikey and also worked in Ring of Honor and Ohio Valley Wrestling.
Sherri Schrull was an American professional wrestler and manager, better known by her ring names, Sherri Martel and Sensational Sherri.
Peggy Lee, also known by her stage names Peggy Lee Leather, Lady X, and Thug, is an American professional wrestler.
He is currently a trainer for New Generation Wrestling in their North East School.
She also appeared at Shimmer's first shows in November 2005.
He is often compared to All Japan Pro Wrestling's Toshiaki Kawada, as both are widely known for their stiff kicks and violent matches.
As a mixed martial artist, Puder trained at the American Kickboxing Academy, in San Jose, California.
Tapia has worked for every major and multiple minor wrestling promotions in Mexico as well as wrestling in Japan.
In January 2017 he left AAA and announced that he was working for Mexican wrestling promotion "The Crash".
He headlined ECW's premier annual pay-per-view event, November to Remember, three times.
He is also the promoter of the New Jersey-based promotion AKW Arena Kaged Wrestling.
He is currently working for numerous companies across Canada including Atlantic Grand Prix Wrestling, High Impact Wrestling Canada, Monster Pro Wrestling, and Real Canadian Wrestling.
He won gold medals at the 1936 Summer Olympics and 1935 European Championships, finishing second in 1938.
William Theodore Mueller is an American professional wrestler best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment as Trevor Murdoch.
Benjamin won an NJCAA championship in both track and field and collegiate wrestling.
Pain is best known for his time in Combat Zone Wrestling, as well as Xtreme Pro Wrestling and Pro Wrestling Unplugged.
Slaughter's greatest achievement came with him becoming world champion by winning the WWF World Heavyweight Championship in 1991 as well as headlining WrestleMania VII.
Michael Seitz is an American producer, retired professional wrestler and former musician.
Morishima currently holds a position on Noah's board of directors.
Marasciulo began his professional wrestling career at New York Wrestling Connection in 2004 before signing to World Wrestling Entertainment.
Michael Verdi, best known by his ring name Trent Acid, was an American professional wrestler.
Nelson Rodriguez Erazo is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Homicide.
Candace Maria Rummel is a semi-retired American professional wrestler better known by her ring name Candi Devine.
He is the son of Ricky Romero and the brother of Mark and Jay Youngblood.
At the world championships he won one gold and two silver medals between 1973 and 1977.
Williams has also made a few appearances and background work in motion pictures and television productions.
Noam David Dar is an Israeli-Scottish professional wrestler currently signed to WWE, where he performs on the Raw brand.
In 1947 he won the first of four Pacific Coast Junior Heavyweight Championships.
He currently performs for VALKYRIE Women's Professional Wrestling, acting as the manager for "The Baddest Woman on the Planet" Bonesaw Jessie Brooks.
WWE chairman Vince McMahon remarked that no wrestler "personified the essence of charisma quite like Dusty Rhodes".
He originally worked as an Enmascarado or masked wrestler under the ring names Paris and Renegado but has used the name Tony Rivera since 1996.
Starting in the 1970s, Vachon became a fan favourite, particularly in his home province of Quebec.
Bruce Alan Woyan was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Buzz Sawyer.
He is perhaps best known under the ring name P.N.
Strong later turned on Aries, forming a new faction, the No Remorse Corps with Davey Richards and Rocky Romero.
His children, Jimmy Reiher, Jr. and Tamina Snuka, are also wrestlers.
Ivan Fundora Zaldivar is a male freestyle wrestler from Cuba who was an olympian in 2004 and 2008.
Richard Alan "Ric" Drasin is an American bodybuilder, personal trainer, actor, stuntman, author, and former professional wrestler.
All Japan Pro Wrestling held a ceremony in his honor during an event on 16 October 2004 in Iida, Nagano.
Jesús Daniel Castillo Ortiz Jr. is a professional wrestler, and son of a professional wrestler, best known in his native Puerto Rico as Huracan Castillo.
Nygma has been a member of Los Vatos Locos, a Kiss look-alike group of wrestlers, with whom he held the Mexican National Atómicos Championship.
In the early 1940s Szabo held three world championships.
On June 22, 2007, she and her son were killed by her husband, wrestler Chris Benoit, who committed suicide two days later.
He was the brother of wrestlers Paul and Vivian Vachon, and the uncle of wrestler Luna Vachon.
Austin was also part of the original Midnight Express from 1981 to 1983.
Yvon Cormier was a Canadian professional wrestler.
Shawn Hernandez is an American professional wrestler, best known for his time in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring name Hernandez.
Yoshihiro Takayama is a Japanese retired professional wrestler and mixed martial artist.
Genevieve Goulet, better known by the ring name LuFisto, is a French Canadian professional wrestler.
He married actress Betty Burgess in January 1960 in Las Vegas.
The Kangaroos used an "Ultra Australian" gimmick complete with Boomerangs, bush hats and "Waltzing Matilda" as their entrance music.
Harry Francis Smith is a British-Canadian professional wrestler.
Jones was also responsible for training Darren Matthews.
Peter married Ofelia "Lia" Fuataga, who already had a daughter named Feagaimaleata, whom he adopted and raised as his own.
Pegasso worked from Asistencia Asesoría y Administración from 2000 until 2008, where he was a part of the wrestling stable Real Fuerza Aérea.
He is noted for his tenures with the National Wrestling Alliance, World Championship Wrestling, the World Wrestling Federation and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
He was a five-time AWA World Heavyweight Champion.
He has worked in several promotions, specially 666, Big Japan Pro Wrestling and Dragon Gate.
Jugan dedicated much of his later wrestling career to helping raise money for cancer research, civic organizations, and other charitable causes though independent wrestling shows.
He has also worked for American promotions Ring of Honor and Full Impact Pro, winning the latter's World Heavyweight Championship.
Hassan Aliazam Yazdani Cherati born 28 December 1994 in Lapu Sahra, Chapakrud Rural District, Juybar County, Iran is an Iranian wrestler.
She wrestled in the United States, Canada, and Japan.
Chieko Suzuki is a retired Japanese female professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Dynamite Kansai.
Peter Gasparino is an American retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Pete Gas.
His first tenure in the House of Councillors ended in 1995, but he was reelected in 2013.
Anthony Durante was a professional wrestler best known as "Pitbull #2" as one half of the tag team The Pitbulls, with "Pitbull #1" Gary Wolfe.
Dustin Howard is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Chuck Taylor.
Último Guerrero and Dragón Rojo, Jr. are the longest reigning CMLL World Tag Team Champions in history.
He is best known under the ring name Johnny Candido
Jonathan Rechner, better known by his ring name Balls Mahoney, was an American professional wrestler.
He is best known by the ring names Tugboat and Typhoon, the latter being half of the tag team The Natural Disasters with John "Earthquake" Tenta.
Robert Bédard is a Canadian retired professional wrestler.
Stevens wrestled as both a singles performer and in tag team matches with a variety of partners.
After Osborne left the WWF in late 1993, the character was played by five wrestlers in the WWF.
Shortly after, she was signed by World Championship Wrestling, where she stayed from 1999 until 2001.
He later entered the fourth season of Tough Enough, a televised competition which awarded the winner a WWE contract, and became the first runner-up.
Eduardo Gory Guerrero was an American professional wrestler and a member of the Guerrero wrestling family.
He perfected the role of the arrogant heel, and is credited with inventing and popularizing the piledriver.
Chono was also known by the nickname Mister Black Jack when he first started portraying a villainous character.
In 1907 she became president of the Theosophical Society, whose international headquarters were in Adyar, Madras,.
Raymond Rougeau is a Canadian television presenter, commentator, and retired professional wrestler.
His brother Windham Rotunda is also a professional wrestler, better known as Bray Wyatt.
In Mexico, Islas has worked for AAA and made appearances for various independent promotions but is not currently associated with one specific Mexican promotion.
She is the only woman to be involved in the promotion's Clockwork Orange House of Fun matches.
He is best known for his appearances with Championship Wrestling from Florida and Big Time Wrestling in the 1960s and 1970s as a Russian heel.
Damian Mackle is a professional wrestler from Northern Ireland, currently signed to WWE, competing in their developmental territory NXT under the ring name Killian Dain.
Gregory James Bownds better known by his ring name TNT, is an Australian professional wrestler and promoter, currently owning and promoting the Australasian Wrestling Federation.
Romeo Cormier is a retired Canadian professional wrestler best known by the ring name Bobby Kay.
Shuhei Taniguchi is a Japanese professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Maybach Taniguchi.
Austin worked for most of his career in the Southern United States, most often in tag team competition.
He made his first appearance at Michigamme, Michigan, on July 5, 1877, at age 16.
She wrestled primarily for the All Japan Women's Pro-Wrestling promotion, and held several championships, primarily in tag team wrestling.
Hideki Suzuki is a Japanese professional wrestler.
The team lost the title in August 2007.
She is the widow of professional wrestler Eddie Guerrero, which has been occasionally incorporated into WWE storylines.
His sons, Dustin and Cody Runnels, both pursued careers in professional wrestling and performed for WWE.
Jon Bolen is an American professional wrestler and bodybuilder.
He found his greatest success as a singles competitor, winning the Intercontinental and European Championships once each, and the Hardcore Championship twice.
She is best known for her time in World Wrestling Entertainment as Katie Lea and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling as Winter.
He is best known for his work in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling and currently works most notably for Ring of Honor.
Noriyo Tateno is a retired Japanese professional wrestler who is best known as one half of the tag team Jumping Bomb Angels with Itsuki Yamazaki.
She is primarily known for her time in WWE.
Timothy "Tim" Frank Fisher is an American musician, comedian, writer and professional wrestler, known by his ring name "The Real Deal" Damien Steele.
After deciding to pursue a career in modeling or acting, Psaltis began managing wrestlers on the independent circuit after meeting a wrestling promoter.
Gertrude Elizabeth Vachon was an American-Canadian professional wrestler, better known as Luna Vachon.
He first competed for WWE in the 2016 Cruiserweight Classic.
Salman Alkhazurovich Hashimikov, also spelled Hasimikov, is a prominent Soviet heavyweight wrestler.
Sam Avey was an American businessman and sports promoter.
He was a high school teacher and coach at Cambridge High School in Cambridge, Ohio, and at East Liverpool, Ohio.
Méndez represented Cuba at the 2000 Olympics, as well as 5 World Championships.
He is currently wrestling for the Future Stars of Wrestling promotion in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Unlike the majority of luchadors in Mexico Jerry Estrada never wore a mask during his career.
Haas won the WWE Tag Team Championship once more with Rico, and gained Miss Jackie, whom he later married, as a valet.
Luis Enrique Méndez is a former world champion in Greco-Roman Wrestling competing for Cuba.
He is also a one time CZW Iron Man Champion, and was the last person to hold the championship.
He promoted wrestlers and ran a cigar store in Denver.
She competed in the SuperGirls Wrestling promotion, where she was the inaugural SuperGirls Champion and held the championship for ten months and two days.
In 1971 he defeated André the Giant in Al-Shaab Stadium in Baghdad, under the auspices of his former friend at high school Saddam Hussein.
Roland C Daniels was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Leroy Brown.
Melendez was injured in an IED attack that cost him his left leg in Baghdad, Iraq in 2006.
Alvarado is the son of Jesús Alvarado Nieves, better known under the name Brazo de Oro, and the promotion acknowledges the relationship.
Rosser signed with WWE's developmental territory Florida Championship Wrestling in 2009 and participated in the first season of NXT in 2010 under his current ring name.
In July 2013, Engler joined WWE at their Performance Center as a referee for WWE NXT.
He has also wrestled for mainstream promotions such as World Wrestling Entertainment, Ring of Honor and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Al Tomko was a Canadian professional wrestler and wrestling promoter.
A member of the Vachon family of wrestlers, she was the sister of Maurice and Paul Vachon, and the aunt of Luna Vachon.
He has also worked as a manager, color commentator, booker, and creative consultant, primarily for Asistencia Asesoría y Administración.
Jamal Mustafa is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Mustafa Saed.
He is best known for his appearances in the World Wrestling Federation from 1996 to 1998 under the ring name Salvatore Sincere.
Jeter was trained by professional wrestler Nick Dinsmore and debuted in 2001.
Mary Beth Bentley, is an American professional wrestler.
He is also known by his bodybuilding title, "Mr. USA", the nom de guerre the "Black Superman", as well as an alter ego named Saba Simba.
Armando Estrada is an American semi-retired professional wrestler and manager of Palestinian descent best known by his ring name Armando Estrada.
Earl William Hebner is a professional wrestling referee currently signed to Impact Wrestling.
She briefly competed as alter-ego Lady Zero in GAEA.
He is currently signed to Lutte TOW Wrestling.
He was most recently working on the creative team for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
He has wrestled in numerous independent promotions in the Mid-Atlantic and Midwestern United States since his debut in 1992.
His favorite move was the airplane spin.
Ephesto, Mephisto and Lucifierno are the current holders of the Mexican National Trios Championship.
Paul Michael London is an American professional wrestler, best known for his time with World Wrestling Entertainment.
McCarther performed many duties, including wrestling, managing wrestlers, and booking events.
He is the cousin of wrestlers Joel and Jose Maximo and Rosita.
He started for the Orlando Rage in the XFL and played in 2002 for the Berlin Thunder of NFL Europe.
Donald Haviland was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Hack Meyers.
Throughout her career, she won the WWE Women's Championship four times.
He was born and raised in northeast Minneapolis and graduated from De La Salle High school in 1934.
She began training to wrestle in 1991 and made her American professional wrestling debut on January 16, 1993.
He works for Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide and has been part of The Black Family since it was formed in 2001 by Charly Manson.
Linda M. Miles is an American retired professional wrestler and manager.
Before running and owning ECW, he was a manager under the ring name Paul E. Dangerously in World Championship Wrestling and other promotions.
In 2001, after leaving WCW, Matthews joined the World Wrestling Federation, where he became commissioner.
She competed for Australia at the 2008 Olympics.
After the ECW brand ended, Helms was released by WWE on February 26, 2010, and returned to the independent circuit.
Rick Michaels is an American professional wrestler.
She is better known under her previous ring name Apple Miyuki, under which she worked mainly for the Kaientai Dojo and Osaka Pro Wrestling promotions.
He is the son of referee Pepe Casas and part of the Casas wrestling family; the brother of Negro Casas and Felino.
Patrick John O'Connor, was a New Zealand professional wrestler.
Melinda Padovano, better known by her ring name, Alicia, is an American professional wrestler.
He alternated between being a villain and a hero during the Golden Era in the 1940s through 1960s of wrestling.
He went on to win his first main roster title in 2017 by defeating Rich Swann for the Cruiserweight Championship at the 2017 Royal Rumble.
As JBL, Layfield was WWE Champion for 281 days from 2004–2005 after controversially defeating Eddie Guerrero for the title.
He worked for IPW Hardcore and NWA Florida, before debuting for ROH in September 2003.
He is best known for his time in Stampede Wrestling and several appearances for WWE, often with his brothers Bret and Owen.
He also promotes an independent wrestling organization called Empire Wrestling Federation in San Bernardino, California, performing under the name Jesse Hernandez.
He also worked as a wrestling promoter.
He is perhaps best known for his appearances with Ring of Honor between 2002 and 2004, where he was the second ROH Champion.
He was fired from WWE on May 29, 2009.
As manager to such top stars as Gorilla Monsoon, The Fabulous Kangaroos and Bull Ramos, Berry was not above using his signature cane as a weapon.
He is one of only six men inducted into each of the WWE, WCW and Professional Wrestling halls of fame.
This controversy made the news on both continents, and resulted in litigation between Bonzai Kid and the adult movie production company.
He worked in WWE's developmental territory Florida Championship Wrestling in drag as The Girl from Mexico.
She quickly moved on to a more prominent role in the company as the manager, Miss Hancock.
In 2016, at age 34, Danielson retired from professional wrestling due to medical issues arising from multiple concussions and a brain lesion.
Rafael Halperin was a prominent Israeli businessman, Orthodox rabbi, and the author of several religious books and an encyclopedia.
Kyoko Kimura is a retired Japanese professional wrestler and mixed martial artist.
He is currently signed to the American professional wrestling promotion WWE, where he wrestles for its developmental territory NXT.
She won the title for seventh time after defeating Izza Belle Smothers on August 24, and lost it to Taeler Hendrix on November 12.
After leaving the wrestling business, Runnels became involved in philanthropic work.
Joe Pedicino is a retired American professional wrestling announcer, commentator, promoter, television and radio producer.
While in WWE, Roberts regularly announced for its pay-per-views and television shows like Raw, SmackDown, ECW and Superstars.
Juggernaut is known both for his brawling and aerial abilities as well as his martial arts skills.
Rodney Glunder is a Dutch-Surinamese semi-retired professional kickboxer, mixed martial artist, professional wrestler and boxer, current actor, entrepreneur, bodybuilder.
Blue Panther Jr. is the ring name of a Mexican luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler, formerly known as Black Panther.
His first professional fight took place on September 10, 2016, at UFC 203 against Mickey Gall, where he lost via submission in the first round.
Allah Ditta is a Pakistani former Olympic wrestler.
Novachkov qualified for the 2016 Summer Olympics in the 65 kg freestyle class by winning a last-chance qualifier in Turkey.
Both times, he competed in the men's welterweight division of the Greco-Roman wrestling event.
He lost his mask as a result of losing a match to La Parka.
He is best known for his work with Jim Crockett Promotions, World Championship Wrestling, and the World Wrestling Federation.
In 1987, she returned to Canada and began working with Stampede Wrestling, where she was their first Stampede Women's Champion.
Paul Frederik is an American retired professional wrestler and professional wrestling manager, better known by his ring name, Paul Jones.
In addition, he has worked for Puerto Rico's International Wrestling Association and Empire State Wrestling.
His ring name is Spanish for "Thousand Masks".
Petruzzi and for his appearances with Eastern Championship Wrestling from 1991 to 1994 as Super Destroyer #1, one half of the tag team The Super Destroyers.
In 2014, Jarrett founded the original Global Force Wrestling promotion.
Spilling also works as a promoter, wrestling coach and television producer.
White was inducted into the Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame in 1996.
He is best known for his appearances in the American Wrestling Association under the ring name Colonel DeBeers from 1985 to 1991.
Masahiro Chono, is a semi-retired American-born Japanese professional wrestler.
Following his death, several wrestling personalities paid tribute to Haas, including Low Ki and Kevin Kelly.
Richard Bognar is a Canadian former professional wrestler.
Joe Gomez is an American professional wrestler.
On a national scale, he briefly wrestled in Ring of Honor, and internationally, he wrestled in Japan for Dragon Gate.
After being trained at the Texas Wrestling Academy, London began competing for Ring of Honor where his high risk offensive moves made him a fan favorite.
Young was part of a recurring comedic duo with best friend The Fabulous Moolah in appearances on WWE televised events.
Meisam won two silver medals and one gold on Asian Championships.
Apolo Estrada Jr., is the ring name of Roberto Guadalupe Estrada Zúñiga a Mexican Luchador or professional wrestler.
He is best known for his stint with World Wrestling Entertainment on its ECW brand under the ring name Bam Neely.
He belongs to a wrestling family, being the son of Carlos Colón Sr., who introduced him to wrestling.
After a stint in the World Wrestling Federation, Vachon retired from the business in 1986.
He is the current corporate director of the World Wrestling League.
She is also known for working for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring name Cookie and for ROH and Shimmer as a backstage/in-ring interviewer.
Davoud Abedinzadeh Chadorchi is an Iranian wrestler.
Stetson was one of ECW's initial stars, appearing at the company's first event in 1992.
Marty Garner is an American professional wrestler most noted for his appearances for World Wrestling Entertainment and his time in Extreme Championship Wrestling.
Miguel Pérez Jr. is a professional wrestler.
He worked for the promotion for over thirteen years, becoming a two-time KO-D Openweight Champion and a seven-time Ironman Heavymetalweight Champion, before retiring in November 2012.
Retesh Bhalla is an Indo-American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Sonjay Dutt.
On May 12, 2011, it was screened on the Maine Public Broadcasting Network preceded by a half hour interview.
Yaginuma is married to Mexican Mini-Estrella Pequeño Damián 666 who also works for CMLL.
Aero Star is a Mexican luchador, which is a masked professional wrestler.
Following the conclusion of Brooke Knows Best, Hogan pursued a career in acting, making numerous appearances in low budget films and television shows.
Doug Furnas was a professional wrestler and powerlifter from the United States.
He wrestled primarily in Combat Zone Wrestling, where he won every major championship and was the first inductee into the CZW Hall of Fame in 2004.
Daniel McDonald is an American retired professional wrestler and trainer better known under his ring name, Danny Cage.
Mario Pérez Jiménez was a Mexican Mini-Estrella luchador, or Mini professional wrestler, best known under the ring name Espectrito.
She then became a member of the show's Wack Pack.
In a career that spanned from the 1950s into the 1970s, he garnered several world championships.
Guerrero spent his early career while wrestling in Mexican promotions and forming a popular tag team with Art Barr.
He also won the 2007 Royal Rumble.
She was active in the 1980s and early 1990s.
Christopher Renfrew is a Scottish professional wrestler, writer and radio personality.
He is also the cousin of wrestler Fred "Puppy Dog" Peloquin.
This article is about the first wrestler to use the name "Venum", not the current wrestler known as Venum
Born and raised in Bakersfield, California, Drasin began his fitness career in 1962.
Barron started his professional wrestling career in Power League Wrestling, where he held the PLW Heavyweight Championship two times and the New England Championship once.
Alberto's brother and twin brother are also Mini-Estrella Luchadors under the names Espectrito and Espectrito II.
He is best known for his appearances with the Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre.
He lost his bout to Ottó Aubéli of Hungary 0-6, 1-7.
In ECW, he was a two-time Tag Team Champion.
Meiko Satomura is a Japanese professional wrestler.
Jiménez was the first ever Mexican National Mini-Estrella Champion and IWC World Mini-Estrella Champion.
Abdallah Sidani is a retired Lebanese wrestler who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Keibler was a contestant on Dancing with the Stars: season two, where she placed third.
Keith William Hart is a Canadian-American retired professional wrestler and firefighter.
During his time in WWF, Keirn was also one of a number of wrestlers to play the role of the masked Doink the Clown.
He is currently signed to WWE, where he works as a color commentator on SmackDown and pay-per-views under the ring name Byron Saxton.
Keibler also managed Test and Scott Steiner.
George B. Caiazzo was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, John Kronus and later "Kronus".
Derick Lee Neikirk is an American professional wrestler and former minor league baseball player.
In 2012, Aguayo was inducted into the AAA Hall of Fame.
Jason Kincaid is an American professional wrestler currently signed to Evolve.
He headlined five WWE pay-per-view events during the remainder of 2010, challenging for the WWE Championship in three of those.
She is considered one of the best female wrestlers of the 1970s.
Some of his wrestling proteges have included Hulk Hogan, Jesse Ventura, and Ric Flair.
Within WWE, he was previously known by the ring name Bradshaw, and prior to that, the variations Justin Bradshaw and Blackjack Bradshaw.
In 1950 Stern began wrestling at age 17 in New York City working for Rudy Dusek.
Christopher "Chris" Hamrick is a semi-retired American professional wrestler.
He appeared in several movies including Blood Circus and Escape from New York.
He wrestled primarily for independent promotions in the Southeastern United States.
everything he did was power, and at the same time he was a very safe guy....
Carl Donald Bell, better known by his ring name Chief Don Eagle, was a Mohawk Native American professional wrestler during the 1950s and 1960s.
He is regarded by many as the greatest villain in pro wrestling history.
David Everett Ferrier was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, "Gigolo" Jimmy Del Ray.
He is a former NWA Alabama Heavyweight Champion and NWA Southeast Continental Heavyweight Champion.
First in the late 1970s until 1984, holding the now inactive Junior Heavyweight Championship under his real name.
Anthony Ralph Chimel is an American professional wrestling ring announcer currently signed with WWE.
In 2005, Reso signed with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under his Christian Cage ring name, where he won the NWA World Heavyweight Championship in February 2006.
When his longtime tag team partner, Trent Acid, died Kashmere organized and ran "The Acid Fest" at the former ECW Arena.
He won the gold medal in the 74 kg category in freestyle wrestling at the 2016 Olympic Games after defeating Russian wrestler, Aniuar Geduev.
Lindsay Duncan is a Canadian professional wrestler better known by her ring name Nicole Matthews.
Arturo García Ortiz is a Mexican luchador or professional wrestler best known under the ring name Rey Bucanero.
Atsushi Maruyama is a Japanese professional wrestler, best known for his work with Osaka Pro Wrestling under the ring name Tigers Mask.
John Joseph Murphy was a Canadian professional wrestler better known by his ring name Skull Murphy.
In an article of World Wrestling Magazine, Kelly indicated that his passion for wrestling stemmed from his personal discipline in gymnastics and martial arts.
The Heavenly Bodies was a professional wrestling tag team famous for having worked in Smoky Mountain Wrestling, the World Wrestling Federation, and various independent promotions.
Hiroyoshi Yamamoto is a Japanese professional wrestler who currently works for New Japan Pro-Wrestling, and is better known by his ring name Hiroyoshi Tenzan.
In May 2007, he won the United States Championship, giving him his first title reign with the company.
Fénix is a Mexican luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler.
He is also the only Iranian wrestler who wrestled, and won a medal, in five styles of wrestling: Freestyle, Greco-Roman, Sambo, Pahlevani-style, and "Chookheh".
More recently, he has been general manager of Raw, the 2008 King of the Ring, and the official match coordinator for NXT Redemption in 2011.
He was in his second reign as Mexican National Heavyweight Champion when he died, having won it in Perros del Mal Producciones.
In his pre-injury days, he was famous for his mohawk hairstyle.
He claimed to be a student of Toryumon alumni Saito, but was outed as being Saito himself in 2007.
Coffey wrestles for numerous promotions in the British independent wrestling circuit, including Insane Championship Wrestling.
افتادگی آموز اگر طالب فیضی هرگز نخورد آب زمینی که بلند است
Helger Hallik is a former Estonian wrestler who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
His patronymic and matronymic surnames are known as his brother Antonio Pasilla Dorado has been unmasked and revealed his full name.
He is best known for his appearances with the World Wrestling Federation between 1994 and 1996 under the ring name Duke "The Dumpster" Droese.
Having won all the required championships, Abyss was the fourth man to complete the Triple Crown Championship and the second to complete the Grand Slam Championship.
Thereafter he would focus mostly on promoting and booking as well as raising his twelve children with Smith while appearing in the ring sporadically.
He also wrestled in Jim Crockett Promotions and the National Wrestling Alliance, and he won the NWA Americas Tag Team Championship three times.
Kazarian is also a five-time TNA X Division Champion and a three-time TNA World Tag Team Champion.
He was sole inductee in 2006 into the Southern California Pro-Wrestling Hall of Fame.
Fighting Spirit Magazine exclusively named her and rival Jetta as "spearheading a revolution in British wrestling" with regards to serious female wrestling.
The high point of his career was teaming with Paul Roma as The Young Stallions.
In 2010, Styles became the first ever TNA-contracted wrestler to be ranked number one on the annual Pro Wrestling Illustrated PWI 500 list.
Upon signing with WWE, Sebei began wrestling without a mask.
He is also known for his stints in the World Wrestling Federation, Extreme Championship Wrestling and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Peter Williams III is a Canadian retired professional wrestler.
He is known as a former member of the Naptown Dragons stable, which included Drake Younger, Diehard Dustin Lee and xOMGx.
He met many wrestlers in his career.
McCool has held both titles on two occasions, which makes her a four-time champion overall.
Between ROH and TNA, Lethal has won 11 total championships.
She debuted on the main roster in April 2008 as Natalya Neidhart, allying herself with Victoria.
Barbara "Bobbi" Anne Billard is an American glamour model, actress, and former professional wrestler.
He won 29 titles during a 32-year career, including the WWF World Heavyweight Championship twice and the WCW World Heavyweight Championship four times.
He became the European heavyweight champion in 1932.
Andrew Simmons, better known by his ring name Andy Boy Simmonz, is a British professional wrestler.
In March 2017 he made his debut for NJPW, joining the Suzuki-gun stable.
After ECW ended in 2010, he was featured sparingly on WWE television.
He has worked for several independent promotions throughout the United States.
Roselli is a one-time World Champion, winning the NWE World Heavyweight Championship once.
Nájera was unmasked after losing a match in 2000 and retired shortly afterwards.
Eric Henry Edward Tovey, known professionally as Lord Littlebrook, was a British midget wrestler.
Masamune is a masked Japanese professional wrestler.
Christopher Hancock is an American former professional wrestler.
Fumiyuki Hashimoto, known by his stage name Kagetora, is a Japanese professional wrestler who works for Dragon Gate.
He is also a two-time United States Champion and a two-time WWE Tag Team Champion with his partner Cesaro.
Katsuhiko Nakajima is a Japanese professional wrestler, signed to Pro Wrestling Noah, where he is the current GHC Heavyweight Champion in his first reign.
He was reviled for his "dirty tricks" in the ring, which included rubbing foreign substances, such as salt, into his opponent's eyes.
He married one of Babe's nurses several years before his death.
He also competed under several other gimmicks and competed for several promotions in the United States as well as Australia, Japan, and Nigeria.
In recent years, he has also competed in American independent promotions as the masked wrestler American Eagle.
In the 1970s, he worked as a booker in JCP.
Bruce Franklin Reed is an American retired professional wrestler and football player, better known by the ring name Butch Reed.
She was previously signed with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, before leaving the company in early 2017.
Satoru Shiga is a professional wrestler best known for his time in Big Japan Pro Wrestling under the ring name Shadow WX.
Mephisto is the ring name of a Mexican luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler and currently works for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre.
Antonino Rocca was an Italian Argentinian professional wrestler.
Prior to signing with WWE, she spent many years on the independent circuit, particularly in the Frontier Wrestling Alliance, where she used the ring name Nikita.
Gilbert is also the owner and promoter of the Glasgow-based, women's wrestling promotion; Fierce Females.
Albano was one of the "Triumvirate of Terror," a threesome of nefarious WWF managers which included The Grand Wizard of Wrestling and Freddie Blassie.
He is also a former TNA X Division Champion.
Kevin Citlali Zamora is a Mexican Luchador or professional wrestler, better known under his ring name Chessman.
Brown is well known for his time with the World Wrestling Federation between 1997 and 2003 and also in 2008.
They won the JAPW Tag Team Championship for the first time in mid-1998, and won it for the second time in mid-1999.
William Charles DeMott II is an American retired professional wrestler and road agent.
Everhart signed a WWE contract in 2011 and was sent to its developmental territory Florida Championship Wrestling, before debuting in NXT the following year.
Mack currently performs on the independent circuit, most prominently for Jersey All Pro Wrestling, where he works as both a wrestler and a commentator.
He was initially assigned to Deep South Wrestling and then to Ohio Valley Wrestling at the end of the year.
In October 2011, Phoenix won the WWE Divas Championship for the first time and lost it in April 2012.
Mike Hughes is a Canadian professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Hangman Hughes.
Jorge Arias is a Mexican-American professional wrestler currently signed to WWE on the SmackDown brand.
William C. Welch is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name The Messiah.
Learn modesty if you desire knowledge, A high land would never be irrigated
This eventually led to Kenny ghostwriting Kamala's autobiography Kamala Speaks.
Jun Kasai is a Japanese professional wrestler, primarily competing for Pro Wrestling Freedoms.
Jesús Alvarado Nieves was a Mexican luchador, or professional wrestler, who worked under the ring name Brazo de Oro.
Following the death of AJPW head booker Giant Baba in 1999, Misawa inherited the position of AJPW president.
He is best known for his appearances with Extreme Championship Wrestling in the 1990s.
He has competed for several promotions, and currently competes for Impact Zone Wrestling, a territory of the National Wrestling Alliance based in Phoenix, Arizona.
Kinya Oyanagi is a Japanese retired professional wrestler.
Donald Hollis Welch was an American professional wrestler, best known under the ring name Don Bass.
He is also a former practiced rugby player, judoka, and bodybuilder.
Ferrin Charles Barr was an American professional wrestler, referee, promoter and trainer who spent his career mostly in the Western United States and Canada.
Barney William Irwin is an American former professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, "Wild" Bill Irwin.
In professional wrestling, Rodman was the first ever winner of the Celebrity Championship Wrestling tournament.
He was a student of Boris Malenko.
Later still, he formed the tag team The Quebecers with Pierre Ouellet, and won the WWF Tag Team Championship three more times.
He unified the titles by defeating Kerry Von Erich at Superclash III, forming the USWA Unified World Heavyweight Championship, a championship which he held 28 times.
She is best known by her ring name Stephanie Trinity and for her stints in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling) and World Wrestling Entertainment.
Glenn Garrison, aka Gare-Bear, is currently commanding the "Lawn Chair".
He also competed in Sydney 2000, where he placed 6th.
Johnson's autobiography The Rock Says... debuted at No.
Following his release, Mitchell began a career in mixed martial arts.
His ring name is most commonly translated as "Hell" in English.
Takeshi Sato is a Japanese professional wrestler, Sumo wrestler in the Secret Base promotion.
Keiji Takayama is a Japanese professional wrestler, better known as Gedo.
Andrew William "Drew" Hankinson is an American professional wrestler and promoter, currently signed with WWE on the Raw brand under the ring name Luke Gallows.
Thomas Prichard is an American professional wrestler and author.
He also wrestled for numerous independent promotions, becoming a one-time ICW Zero-G Champion, one-time RPW British Cruiserweight Champion and a two-time NWA British Commonwealth Heavyweight Champion.
He wrestles for numerous promotions in the British Independent wrestling circuit including Insane Championship Wrestling and Preston City Wrestling.
He is best known for appearances with the Philly punk-metal band Saints in Hell and his solo project Ghostdance Tribe.
He is also the second Triple Crown Champion in the company's history.
Although he was billed as Japanese, he was a Japanese American born in Hawaii.
He made the switch to professional wrestling and spent time in various promotions in the United States while occasionally teaming with his brother Paul.
In 1981, Adnan Al-Kaissie joined the American Wrestling Association, in 1990 he joined the World Wrestling Federation, where he managed Sgt.
Brie announced that she was taking an extended break from in-ring action in April 2016, therefore disbanding the tag team.
He is best known for his appearances with the American Wrestling Association from 1989 to 1990.
He wrestled professionally for 36 years between 1965 and 2001, while also winning titles in amateur bodybuilding contests during his younger years.
He is highly respected for his toughness and lifelong dedication to the business.
It also led to him being called "The Eighth Wonder of the World".
He is best known for his time with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, where he is a one-time TNA X Division Champion.
Muñoz has worked under various ring names and is currently working as the enmascarado character Comandante Pierroth or simply Pierroth.
Carmelo Reyes González is a Mexican semi-retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Cien Caras.
Francis Huntington is an American retired professional wrestler.
Also, he is the inaugural PWG World Champion when he won the Bad Ass Mother tournament.
Bradley "Brad" Anderson is an American semi-retired professional wrestler and is the son of wrestler Gene Anderson.
and finished in 5th place in Men's freestyle 74 kg at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
He worked briefly as a manager before retiring altogether.
Buckridge was a co-owner of the Pro Wrestling Syndicate promotion.
brand and in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling as Kristal Lashley.
He was also recognizable by his distinctive "slow counts" when a wrestler attempted a pinfall.
Watson wrestles for numerous promotions on the British independent circuit and throughout Europe.
For several years he formed a tag team with Japanese wrestler Hideyoshi and was also part of a group known as Bad Force.
He is working for New Japan Pro Wrestling as a freelancer, though currently inactive due to a severe spinal injury.
He returned to the ring in 2011 for Kansas City's Metro Pro Wrestling.
Born in Amritsar in 1878, he was awarded the Indian version of the World Heavyweight Championship on 15 October 1910.
In 2001 Manson suffered a career-threatening, near-fatal injury that required surgical steel to be inserted into his body.
Promoters like Sandow and Toots Mondt were eager to liven up their exhibitions with a more crowd-pleasing style.
In 1964, he scored several significant wins in Toronto.
25 in the Top 100 Most Powerful Celebrities and has been in the top twenty every year since.
Jean Rougeau was a professional wrestler better known as Johnny Rougeau.
During her career, Garrett has wrestled in many independent promotions.
Kendrick currently owns and operates his own promotion, called Brian Kendrick's Wrestling Pro Wrestling.
After the war, Rockwell studied at the University of Michigan.
Atlantis earned the nickname El idolo de los Niños as he was always a favorite with the younger fans.
He is the brother of fellow wrestler Buzz Sawyer.
He is best known for his appearances with the World Wrestling Federation in the mid to late 1990s under the ring name Henry O. Godwinn.
Christopher Lindsey is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Roderick Strong, currently signed to WWE performing in its developmental territory NXT.
oftādegi āmooz agar tālebe feyzi, hargez nakhorad āb zamini ke boland ast
Aurelian Smith was an American professional wrestler better known as Grizzly Smith.
She is a professional powerful, strongwomen, and bodybuilder wrestler.
He was a former one-time TWA Television Champion in the Texas Wrestling Alliance.
She held the NWA Women's World Tag Team Championship twice with Joyce Grable.
Her older sister Xóchitl Hamada is also a professional wrestler.
Arthur Leon "Art" Barr was an American professional wrestler.
He is a former CMLL World Middleweight Champion, having held the championship for a total of 1,954 days.
He died of accidental respiratory failure from a combination of buprenorphine, carisoprodol, chlordiazepoxide and alprazolam.
In October 2011, StarBuck defeated Tajiri in the finals of a tournament to become the first ever Smash Champion.
He also had several brief appearances in the X Wrestling Federation, World Championship Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation.
She is a former TNA Knockouts Champion, and she holds the record for the longest reign with the title at 279 days.
As Mighty Igor, he was frequently billed as the "World's Strongest Wrestler".
Hanson retired in 1986 and lived in South Carolina until his death in 2002.
He is also the only wrestler officially sponsored by Pabst Blue Ribbon.
He also worked in World Wrestling Entertainment under the ring name Vance Archer.
He competed for several wrestling promotions associated with the National Wrestling Alliance.
In 1998, he formed a team with Bart Gunn, known as The New Midnight Express.
Since making his debut in 1976 Mendoza has wrestled for every major Mexican wrestling federation including Universal Wrestling Association, AAA and Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre.
He competes for the Championship Wrestling from Hollywood promotion, where he was the CWFH Heritage Heavyweight Champion and was the promotions inaugural Television Champion.
She had rivalries with both The Fabulous Moolah and Sherri Martel and held the WWF Women's Championship and WWF Women's Tag Team Championship.
He is currently signed to WWE on the NXT brand under the ring name William Regal, acting as the brand's general manager.
He lost his father at the age of 12.
She is best known for her appearances with World Championship Wrestling between 1999 and 2001 and with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling from 2008 to 2011.
He previously performed for WWE as Kenny Dykstra and Kenny.
He is best known for his stint with World Wrestling Entertainment as a developmental talent, most recently wrestling for its developmental territory Florida Championship Wrestling.
He was also a former WCW Hardcore Champion, being awarded the belt by Lance Storm.
Kurt Sellers, better known as Kasey/KC James or James Curtis, a retired professional wrestler who was best known for working in World Wrestling Entertainment.
Akhmed Osmanovich Chakaev is a Russian freestyle wrestler of Chechen descent.
Ghasem Rezaei is an Iranian Greco-Roman wrestler.
González also starred as the villain "Ramses" in the movie Nacho Libre, starring Jack Black.
Wrestling, he doesn't know where that originated.
He has wrestled occasional matches and worked as an auto mechanic since retiring from wrestling.
From March 2011 to March 2014, Urive was signed to WWE, where he worked under the ring name Sin Cara.
Gilbert Cosme is a Puerto Rican professional wrestler, better known by his ring names El Mesías and Ricky Banderas.
Nathan Everhart is an American professional wrestler and former amateur wrestler.
Ed "The Bull" Gantner was an American professional wrestler.
She's held the CMLL World Women's Championship, and she was the first AAA Reina de Reinas.
Trained by Billy Robinson, Suzuki started his career with the Inoki Genome Federation promotion in 2008.
The team's name was changed to Deuce 'n Domino for their main roster debut in January 2007, as part of the SmackDown!
Atlantis is a Mexican luchador enmascarado, working for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre where he performs as a Técnico.
As an amateur wrestler Nicholson is a former National Champion in freestlyle wrestling and Canadian Olympic Qualification Trial Silver medalist in Greco-Roman Wrestling.
He is a former professional wrestling color commentator and authority figure.
He was previously known for his work on the independent circuit under his former ring name Brodie Lee, most notably in Chikara and Squared Circle Wrestling.
Love is currently one half of the NWA Wrestling Revolution Tag Team Champions with partner Jodan.
He also wrestled under the ring names Little Tokyo, Tokyo Tom, among others.
She has also worked in Japan for JDStar and World Wonder Ring Stardom, where she held the Wonder of Stardom Championship.
Wilson has also been a part of the all-female stable, known as Vince's Devils, which ended its run in 2006.
Currently, Kuroki works as a Daido-juku Kudo trainer in Japan and Colombia.
He was later moved Ohio Valley Wrestling where he joined the Spirit Squad faction.
John Tolos, nicknamed "The Golden Greek", was a Greek-Canadian professional wrestler, and professional wrestling manager.
His father and uncle, Afa and Sika Anoa'i, trained him for his professional wrestling debut, and introduced him as the third Wild Samoan in 1983.
He is the first wrestler to have won tag team championships in both NXT and WWE's main roster.
He is a member of the Cormier wrestling family, a group of four brothers who were all successful professional wrestlers.
After signing with WWE in 2010, he was sent to its developmental territory Florida Championship Wrestling where he was the first FCW Grand Slam Champion.
He was the first-ever SCW Heavyweight Champion and feuded with Cactus Jack, Tom Brandi, and Lou Marconi over the title between 1995 and 1997.
Young is known for his willingness to take dangerous bumps and his stiff hardcore wrestling style, often taking high risks and "shooting" on opponents.
He is the play-by-play broadcaster for the Gwinnett Braves of the International League.
Lioness Asuka is a retired Japanese professional wrestler.
She is best known for her time in Ohio Valley Wrestling, where she was a one-time Women's Champion.
There he was eliminated in the first round after losses to Israel's Max Geller and Japan's eventual bronze medalist Kosei Akaishi.
Spaniolo is most commonly known as Jamie Madrox of the rap group Twiztid.
He has previously worked as the masked character "Bengala" as well as "Canelo Casas, Jr."
Often considered to be the greatest in-ring talent ever, he is widely regarded as the finest wrestling performer of the 1990s and 2000s.
He is not to be confused with the other wrestler named Mike Davis.
He is best known as one-half of the tag team known as The Rock 'n' Roll Express, with Ricky Morton.
After his retirement, he sold a fitness guide book by mail order titled 'How to become a first-class wrestler and develop your body'.
Having worked for New Japan Pro Wrestling for most of his career, he was an occasional member of the renowned stable Tokyo Gurentai.
He competed at SummerSlam 1991 with his partners Sgt.
James Tighe is a semi-retired English professional wrestler.
Michael Brett Adkisson was an American professional wrestler under the ring name Mike Von Erich.
He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2006.
Sonny Siaki is a retired American professional wrestler.
She was the founder of the GAEA Women's Professional Wrestling organization.
He mostly works throughout the European and British wrestling circuit.
In the late 90s through 2010, Kenny Casanova managed Kamala under a mask as "Kim Chee" for different promotions in the north east.
Steven L. "Steve" Olsonoski, better known by the ring name Steve O, is a retired American professional wrestler from Minnesota.
He is currently working for WWE as a trainer for WWE NXT.
He is best known for his appearances with World Class Championship Wrestling.
Joseph Ryan Meehan, better known by the ring name Joey Ryan, is an American professional wrestler.
Charles Renner, best known as Devon Moore, is an American professional wrestler.
Miguel Ángel López Díaz, better known by his ring name Rey Misterio Sr. is a Mexican professional wrestler, trainer and actor.
He is the father of wrestlers Dory Funk Jr. and Terry Funk.
Craig Williams, better known by his ring name, Human Tornado, is an American professional wrestler.
Wrestlers she has managed include Frankie Kazarian, Jimmy Rave, Nate Mattson, Conrad Kennedy III, A-1, Scorpio Sky, Mr. Hughes and Shane Douglas.
Vortekz is a winner of the ninth CZW Tournament Of Death in 2010 defeating J.C. Bailey in the finals.
He was a participant in the second season of NXT.
Giovanni "Johnny" Roselli is a professional wrestler and actor better known as Romeo Roselli.
Babacar Sar is a Mauritanian freestyle wrestler
Near the end of his wrestling career, Ventura started acting, appearing in films such as Predator and The Running Man.
Tarkong represented Palau at the 2004 Summer Olympics, where he became the nation's flag bearer in the opening ceremony.
On April 22, 2014, Maruyama made his first appearance unmasked, announcing that in the future he would be working under his real name.
He is best known for his current tenure in the Philadelphia-based hardcore wrestling promotion Combat Zone Wrestling where he is a member of the H8 Club.
Over the years the Octagón gimmick has spawned a Mascot called Octagoncito and an "Evil clone" known as Pentagón.
The first time Vesper competed, in 1964, he did not win a medal.
Iakubali Shikhdzamalovich Shikhdzamalov, also known as Yakub Shikhghamalov, is a Lezgin Dagestani born-Russian freestyle wrestler.
He is most noticed for being one of the members of a tag team in Jim Crockett Promotions known as the Thunderfoots.
Layfield is also employed by Northeast Securities as its Senior Vice President.
Nash was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2015.
Talata Embalo is a Guinea-Bissauan amateur wrestler.
He is currently signed to WWE working as a road agent.
SWB also has experience wrestling overseas including Canada and Puerto Rico.
He is best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment from 2002 to 2004.
For the record, this rumor has never been confirmed or denied by any of the parties involved.
Kimura died of pneumonia on October 28, 2014.
He has also held the WWE Tag Team Championship a record-tying four times, and the WWE Intercontinental Championship twice.
He also wrestled for Southern California-based independent promotion Pro Wrestling Guerrilla between 2007 and 2009.
He is also the owner and founder of the Dradition wrestling promotion.
He made his professional wrestling debut in 1968.
He was the son of wrestler Bob Armstrong and brother to professional wrestlers Steve, Scott and Brian.
He held both the Iron Man Championship and the Ultraviolent Underground Championship simultaneously.
He has also worked for Ring of Honor, Revolution Pro Wrestling, Evolve Wrestling and What Culture Pro Wrestling.
Houshang Montazeralzohour was the national champion of Iran in 82 kg weight class for several years.
Lisa Marie Varon is an American professional wrestler, fitness competitor, and bodybuilder.
Before he was a professional wrestler, Boric was a professional soccer player.
Following her arrival on the main roster in July 2015, she became the inaugural SmackDown Women's Champion at Backlash in September 2016.
Cade then entered a storyline with Chris Jericho and Michaels, however, he was released on October 14, 2008.
Bynum is best known for her stint in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the name Sojournor Bolt.
Taro Miyake was a Japanese jujutsu and judo instructor and professional wrestler.
In 2011 he was inducted into the promotion's Hall of Fame.
Kobashi worked for Noah for thirteen years, though spent years sidelined due to various injuries, before retiring from in-ring action in May 2013.
He made his WWE television debut on May 26, 2008, and quickly formed a tag team with Cody Rhodes.
Costello was the first professional wrestler to be nicknamed "The Man of a Thousand Holds" because of his innovative and very technical style.
He is still active in the Canadian Independent circuit.
He also competed in collegiate wrestling for two years at Oregon State University where he earned All-American status placing 8th in the 2009 NCAA Championships.
He is best known for his time in Extreme Championship Wrestling and Ring of Honor under the ring name Steve Corino.
He is best known for his appearances in Championship Wrestling from Hollywood and Pro Wrestling Guerrilla.
He was also the founder of the group Los Bucaneros, teaming with other family members who all used a "Pirate" Ring persona.
In 2001, she began appearing on World Wrestling Federation television as part of The Invasion storyline.
Eudy is a six-time world champion, having won the WWF Championship twice, the WCW World Heavyweight Championship twice, and the USWA Unified World Heavyweight Championship twice.
Rena Marlette Lesnar, better known as Sable, is an American model, actress, and retired professional wrestler.
Shag Thomas was an American professional wrestler during the 1950s and 1960s.
He died several years later on March 10, 2007 at the age of 68.
He was elected as a member of Tehran City Council in 2013 local elections.
He won the world title in 1957 and placed fourth at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Cannon was born in Montreal, Quebec as George Arnold McCarther, and spent some time in the Canadian Football League with what are now the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
A two-time IWGP Heavyweight Champion, World Heavyweight Champion and a GHC Heavyweight Champion.
Iaukea won championships in several of the major regional U.S. promotions, both as a single and in various tag team combinations, during the 1960s.
Wright was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame on April 2, 2016, under the Godfather gimmick.
Theodore James Wilson is a Canadian professional wrestler currently signed to WWE as a producer.
After their third and final reign ended in May 2006, Nitro and Melina turned on Mercury, thus ending their faction.
Robert Terry, is a Welsh professional wrestler and bodybuilder.
Máscaras is one of the original "Big Three" of the lucha libre tradition in Mexico.
Daniel DiLucchio is an American Midget professional wrestler best known by his ring name Short Sleeve Sampson.
George Scott was a Canadian professional wrestler, booker and promoter.
Roy Heffernan toured all over the world, but is most famous for being one half of the original version of the tag team the Fabulous Kangaroos.
Along with Dash Wilder, he is one half of the former two time NXT Tag Team Champions, The Revival.
Michelle Leigh Calaway is an American semi-retired professional wrestler who is best known for her time with WWE on its SmackDown brand.
Carlos Edwin Coates Colón Jr. is a Puerto Rican professional wrestler better known internationally by his ring name Carlito.
Ryuji Ito is a Japanese professional wrestler currently competing in Big Japan Pro Wrestling.
Bull Curry is recognized as the originator of the hardcore style predating even legends such as The Sheik and Abdullah the Butcher.
Frank Nickolas Stojack is a former American football player in the National Football League and wrestler.
She was trained by Ali Musa the Turk.
Marcus Anthony is an American professional wrestler who is currently signed to a contract with Ohio Valley Wrestling.
Mick McManus was an English professional wrestler.
He is best known for founding and handling Stampede Wrestling, a professional wrestling promotion based in Calgary, Alberta, and its associated wrestling school "The Dungeon".
Suicide returned to television in May 2013 portrayed by T.J. Perkins.
She is best known for her appearances with World Class Championship Wrestling and Jim Crockett Promotions in the 1980s.
Richard "Rick" Clements is a retired American professional wrestler better known by his ring name Quicksilver.
He is best known for his appearances with Mid-Atlantic Championship Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation in the late-1980s and early-1990s.
Fernandez was also a featured bodybuilder, appearing in several muscle magazines.
Haas was released from WWE in February 2010.
In March 2006, he re-signed with WWE, initially appearing on the ECW brand, before returning to SmackDown in 2007.
Nieves also twice won a silver medal at the Pan American Games during his career.
Jerry Estrada, is retired a Mexican professional wrestler or Luchador.
He is the brother of Joe and Marcus, and is also the uncle of James Laurinaitis, former National Football League player.
Jennifer Ykema is a Canadian professional wrestler, better known by her ring name Jennifer Blake and is often referred to by her nickname "Girl Dynamite".
Iceberg has competed for several professional wrestling promotions, including Total Nonstop Action Wrestling and Wrestling International New Generations in Japan.
Allen worked closely with Larry Sharpe and Charlie Fulton.
He is best known for his appearances with World Championship Wrestling as Johnny the Bull and World Wrestling Entertainment as Johnny Stamboli.
McGraw is known for his long beard and for his philosophical, crazed rants during wrestling interviews.
Kristin Parmeter is an American model, retired professional wrestler and valet.
Majid Torkan is a retired Iranian freestyle wrestler.
& Beyond", a one-man stage show based on his autobiography, Bodyslams: Memoirs of a Wrestling Pitchman.
Today Wanz organizes strong men competitions in Austria called "Austrian Giants".
From there he began wrestling in Championship Wrestling from Florida and Georgia Championship Wrestling.
The English translation of his ring name, Terry Boy, is a homage to American professional wrestler Terry Funk.
He is best known for his time in the WWF.
He is best known for his stint in ECW, though he is also known for his appearances in WWE, TNA and throughout the independent circuit.
Palomeque owned and operated the Gimnasio Abismo Negro, a wrestling school where individuals were trained to become professional wrestlers.
Espíritu was original a member of the stable Los Vatos Locos, replacing Charly Manson when he left to form The Black Family in mid-2001.
Lince Dorado is a Puerto Rican professional wrestler currently signed to WWE and performs under the Raw brand in the cruiserweight division.
Bradley "Brad" Cain is an American professional wrestler, author and personal trainer, better known by his ring name, Lodi.
Robert Kellum is an American professional wrestler and actor, best known for his appearances with World Championship Wrestling under the ring name The Maestro.
brand under the ring name of Palmer Canon.
His wrestling gimmick was of a cowboy from Kansas, where he spent the later years of his life.
Simon James Musk is a British professional wrestler better known as his in-ring persona, Mexican luchador, El Ligero.
Massaro made her debut in WWE after winning the WWE Diva Search in 2005.
Ali Asghar Bazri is an Iranian wrestler who competed in the 2006 Asian Games in the 74 kg division and won the gold medal.
Shortly after joining the group, she became Women's Champion for a third time.
He is a former Open the Owarai Gate Champion.
He is the son of Alfonso Dantés, a legendary luchador during the 1960s and 1970s.
Hiroshi Ueda was a Japanese professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Umanosuke Ueda.
In professional wrestling, Harrison is best known for his time in the short lived XWF promotion ran by Jimmy Hart.
Because of this, she was made a one-time WWE Hardcore Champion, three-time "WWE Babe of the Year" and was proclaimed "Diva of the Decade".
He was also formerly employed an information technology consultant for with which he toured Italy and Australia between 2005 and 2007.
He is the cousin of fellow professional wrestler and color commentator Jerry Lawler.
Takayuki Iizuka, better known by his stage name Takashi Iizuka, is a Japanese professional wrestler.
Putski is a former WWF World Tag Team Champion with Tito Santana.
Jonathan de Jesus Navarro Jímenez is a Mexican Luchador, or professional wrestler, currently working for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre using the ring name Mictlán.
He wrestles as a freelancer in the Japanese independent circuit; he uses many aliases, most commonly Yoshitsune and El Blazer.
Gargiulo is most known for his years announcing and hosting for Combat Zone Wrestling.
Sean Christopher Haire was an American professional wrestler, mixed martial artist and kickboxer, better known by his ring name, Sean O'Haire.
He moved to Tacoma, Washington as a child, and considered that his home town.
He later joined Raven's Nest and adopted a character called The Broad Street Bully.
Tuft's company is also a current member of the Rohnert Park Chamber of Commerce and the Santa Rosa Chamber of Commerce.
He also performs for a number of other British professional wrestling promotions.
He was the last flag bearer for the original New Zealand Sheepherders.
Despite racial tension in the United States, he became wildly popular as both a heel and a babyface.
John Michael Watson is an American retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Mikey Whipwreck.
Per Vilhelm Rudolf "Preven" Svedberg was a welterweight Greco-Roman wrestler from Sweden.
He is best known for his time in WWE.
In March 2008 his association with TNA came to an end and he focused most of his time on AAA.
He has wrestled many famous wrestlers including Jinsei Shinzaki.
She is perhaps best known for starring in the 2015 horror anthology film Volumes of Blood.
James Williams is an American retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name "Gorgeous" Jimmy "Jam" Garvin.
Between WCW, WWE, and TNA, Guerrero has held a dozen total championships.
He competed in the freestyle light heavyweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
The Pequeño Damián 666 ring character is a Mini-version of wrestler Damián 666.
Sanshiro Takagi is a Japanese professional wrestler.
Haas announced his retirement from professional wrestling in March 2013, but returned to competition in August that same year.
Over the course of his 42-year career Albano guided 15 different tag teams and four singles competitors to championship gold.
On June 29, 2009 Alberto and his twin brother Alejandro were killed by prostitutes in Mexico City.
10 jersey, and he was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame later that year.
James Harold Fanning is a retired professional wrestler and author better known as Jimmy Valiant.
He also, at one time, held the North American pro football bench press record, pressing 225 pounds for 53 reps.
He went on to win the OVW Heavyweight Championship for the first time in early 2006 and the second time in mid-2010
Karl Charles Istaz was a Belgian professional wrestler and trainer, best known by his ring name Karl Gotch.
Mitsuharu Misawa was a Japanese professional wrestler.
Guzmán was the first Mexican National Light Heavyweight Champion, winning a tournament in 1943.
That year, he was ranked number one on Pro Wrestling Illustrated's annual PWI 500 list.
In 2000 he was inducted into the Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame.
He is best known for his appearances with Extreme Championship Wrestling from 1999 to 2001 under the ring name Towel Boy.
His first major stint was in the WWF as Aldo Montoya, where he competed as a mid-carder between 1994 and 1997.
He is currently signed to WWE, where he performs in the developmental territory WWE NXT under the ring name Buddy Murphy.
Winner Golden Grand Prix Ivan Yarygin 2015 and two time Russian National Champion.
During his professional wrestling career, whose career spanned four decades, Lewis was a four-time World Heavyweight Wrestling Champion.
Paul Parlette Orndorff Jr. is an American former professional wrestler, best known for his appearances with the World Wrestling Federation and World Championship Wrestling as "Mr.
He is the son of wrestler Larry "The Axe" Hennig, and father of current WWE wrestler Curtis Axel.
He served in the Marine Corps until the early 1990s.
She later moved to World Championship Wrestling, where she briefly managed the team Harlem Heat.
She has made appearances in the world of professional wrestling and such films as Communication Breakdown and National Lampoon's Dorm Daze 2.
He was the first and only member of the Reform Party to win a major government position, but later joined the Independence Party of Minnesota.
Clarence Whistler was a professional athlete and champion Greco-Roman wrestler of the 1880s.
Mike Davis was also a member of Kevin Sullivan's faction known as the Army of Darkness.
He is currently working for Impact Wrestling, where he is a two-time Impact World Tag Team Champion.
Layla Young is an English dancer, model, and retired professional wrestler best known for her time in WWE.
He has also wrestled as Krusher Khruschev, Repo Man, The Blacktop Bully and "Mr. Hole in One" Barry Darsow.
He was also part of third incarnation of The Black Harts teaming with David Heath in IWA Japan during the mid-1990s.
Daryl Karolat is a Canadian actor and former professional wrestler, better known by the name Tyler Mane.
He is signed to WWE, performing on the SmackDown brand under the ring name Kevin Owens.
Ilio DiPaolo, was an Italian professional wrestler and restaurateur who lived in the Buffalo, New York area.
Orndorff departed the WWF for WCW in early 1988.
His ring name is Spanish for "Golden Mask".
Tom Brandi is an American professional wrestler.
WWE author Brian Shields called Junkyard Dog one of the most electrifying and charismatic wrestlers in the country, particularly during his peak in the early 1980s.
Mean Mike was brought in to professional wrestling by Herb Welch.
Snuka was the inaugural ECW Heavyweight Champion in Eastern Championship Wrestling.
He also wrestled for the short-lived Wrestling Society X and was featured on Total Nonstop Action Wrestling's early pay-per-view events.
He has been called "the greatest heavyweight ever to come out of Mexico".
Zúñiga is not related to wrestlers "Ángel Azteca, Jr." and "Ángel Azteca II", instead they paid Zúñiga to use the name and image.
Before being promoted to the main World Wrestling Federation roster, Orton trained in and wrestled for Mid-Missouri Wrestling Association-Southern Illinois Conference Wrestling for a month.
Troy Rolland Thompson Jr. was an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring names Troy Graham and The Dream Machine.
She retired from professional wrestling in January 2017.
In addition to being a member of Raven's Flock, he also was a member of The Filthy Animals and later The New Blood.
On February 23, 2008, they became the first wrestlers to hold the FCW Florida Tag Team Championship.
In World cup 2015 he won silver medal in Los Angeles, California, United States.
In his career, which began in 1979, he held both the Mexican National Welterweight Championship and the NWA World Welterweight Championship.
In February 2012, he began appearing in the WWE flagship show, Raw.
She lost in the 1/8 of final to Ali Bernard from United States.
Rollins has headlined numerous major pay-per-view events for WWE, including WrestleMania 31.
In 2003, Sabin joined TNA, and quickly won the TNA X Division Championship, which he later unified with the WWA International Cruiserweight Championship.
He has also competed in Wrestling Society X and Ring of Honor.
Alan Robert Rogowski, better known by his ring name of Ole Anderson, is an American retired professional wrestler, referee and promoter.
He currently works for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre, portraying a rudo wrestling character.
Barzi has claimed three medals in the 120-kg division at the Asian Championships, and later finished fourth at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Mohammad Ebrahim Seifpour Saadabadi also known as Ebrahim Seifpour, is a retired Iranian freestyle wrestler.
He left WWE in May 2016 and has since taken a hiatus from wrestling in order to focus on his acting career.
Many of Felipe Alvarado's cousins are also wrestlers including Psycho Clown, Máximo Sexy and Goya Kong among others.
During his time in these promotions, he won various championships in singles competition.
Ross Watson, better known by his ring name Kid Fite is a Scottish professional wrestler and wrestling promoter.
Jan van Rensburg was a South African wrestler.
He is best known for his appearances with World Championship Wrestling and World Wrestling Entertainment under his real name.
Anibál Nieves Javier is retired male sport wrestler from Puerto Rico.
George Arnold McCarther, better known as George "Crybaby" Cannon, was a Canadian pro wrestler and wrestling manager, best known as manager of the Fabulous Kangaroos.
He retired from the ring in March 1990.
He was also New Zealand's flag bearer at the opening ceremonies of the 1972 Summer Olympics, in Munich, and at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.
She graduated from Meiji University, and became an announcer of Fukushima Central Television.
Bronko Sandor Lupsity was a Hungarian-born Serbian Canadian professional wrestler, manager, referee and promoter.
Eddie Walker is an American professional wrestler, currently wrestling under the ring name Vordell Walker.
After beginning her career in 1980, she wrestled in North American independent promotions, before joining the World Wrestling Federation.
He is also one of the founding members of the wrestling group called Los Destructores along with Vulcano and Tony Arce.
Edmundo Ibaes Salas is a Mexican luchador, or professional wrestler, best known under the ring name Fantasma de la Quebrada.
Armando Guerrero, better known as Mando Guerrero, is a retired Mexican-born American professional wrestler.
He also has made occasional appearances for Ring of Honor.
Masato Yoshino is a Japanese professional wrestler, currently working for the Dragon Gate wrestling promotion.
Ronald Jason Knight is an American professional wrestler and manager.
Apart from basketball, Rodman is a retired part-time professional wrestler and actor.
As a singles wrestler, he is a one-time ECW Champion in WWE, and a six-time WCW/WWE Cruiserweight Champion.
Masaru Tobita, better known as Survival Tobita, is a Japanese professional wrestler who owns and wrestles for the Saitama Pro Wrestling Company.
Mero was heavily pushed as a mid-carder as "Johnny B. Badd" in WCW during the early 1990s.
Tapia's uncle originally wrestled as Volador, but later changed his character to Super Parka after Tapia gained worldwide fame as La Parka.
He was well known for using two different finishing moves in his many victories: the "Bombs Away" knee drop and the piledriver.
Siamak "Matt" Ghaffari is an Iranian-American amateur wrestler, MMA Fighter and professional wrestler.
He has also competed extensively on the independent circuit, winning titles such as the PWG World Championship and the RPW British Heavyweight Championship, among many others.
He has three brothers who also entered the wrestling business: Scott, Brad and Brian.
She is a four-time TNA Women's Knockout Champion, and a TNA Knockouts Tag Team Champion.
She is also known for her brief stint as Tiger Dream, the female version of Tiger Mask.
After retiring from wrestling, Pugliese continued to work in the industry and also operated a hotel and restaurant.
Michael Samuel Smith is an American semi-retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Sam Houston.
He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2005 and the National Wrestling Alliance Hall of Fame in 2009.
Jose Isias Cancio Allon is a retired Mexican Luchador, or professional wrestler best known under the ring name El Torero, a Bullfighter ring persona.
He was perhaps best known as one-half of the tag team The Eliminators with Perry Saturn.
Kanellis's career began as a contestant on the reality show Outback Jack in 2004.
He is currently signed to WWE, working in its developmental territory NXT under the ring name Kassius Ohno.
Lou Marconi is an American professional wrestler, trainer, and occasional actor.
Jessica McKay is an Australian professional wrestler currently signed to WWE under the ring name Billie Kay, performing on their developmental territory NXT.
from Teachers Training College in Iran M.A.
Giehl also wrestles for Chikara under the name Ashley Remington, a name assumed after he began in Chikara as Dalton Caroline Castle.
Lori Fullington is an American retired professional wrestling manager.
Hart was one of the pivotal driving forces behind what is considered to be World Class Championship Wrestling's "golden years" in the early 1980s.
Jemma "Jem" Palmer is an English model and professional wrestler.
He has also worked for New Japan Pro Wrestling and Ring of Honor.
Yossef Gutfreund was an Israeli wrestling judge for his country's 1972 Olympic team.
Geandry Garzón Caballero is a male freestyle wrestler from Cuba.
In late 2011, she announced plans for a clothing and jewelry line called House of Maryse, and later began working as a realtor.
She managed The Impact Players and Simon and Swinger until ECW's bankruptcy in 2001.
He later became a fan favourite, working until the 1990s.
A former student of "Wildman" Gary Williams, she appeared alongside her former teacher on the Canadian television documentary series Wrestling Reality.
He eventually returned to pro wrestling five years later, at age 32, and performed for Absolute Intense Wrestling, International Wrestling Cartel, and G.O.U.G.E.
Masada is a former CZW World Heavyweight Champion, which he held simultaneously with the CZW Ultraviolent Underground Championship.
Glunder holds notable wins over top contenders Cheick Kongo, Valentijn Overeem, Joe Riggs, Melvin Manhoef, Cyrille Diabaté, Brian Douwes and Gregory Tony.
He is the son of professional wrestler Popitekus, Jr. who also helped train him for his pro wrestling career.
In December 2008, the Suicide character was introduced on television as a real-life wrestler in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
This article is about the 1980s-era pro wrestler.
He has previously worked as a professional wrestler under the ring name Johnny Rodz.
In April 2005, she signed a contract with WWE, and was assigned to their developmental territory, Ohio Valley Wrestling.
He is also known for his work in Extreme Championship Wrestling, AAA, and World Championship Wrestling.
That same year, he won the championship in Tehran's Junior League.
He is currently signed with Ring of Honor, where he is a former ROH World Champion.
Khan is the only Pakistani Pro Wrestler representing Pakistan.
He has also competed in mixed martial arts with a notable victory over Giant Silva.
By 1976, Raymond Rougeau was in Atlanta working for Jim Barnette, and he would correspond with Lefebvre.
He is best known for his stint with World Wrestling Entertainment on the Raw brand as one half of The Heart Throbs.
She later left TNA in August 2008, to return to WWE three months later, where she remained until 2011.
West previously worked as a host for the Shop At Home Network.
Michel Pigeon was a Canadian professional wrestler better known by his ring name, Jos LeDuc.
He is also known for his time working as "Alan", one third of a group called Los Barrio Boys.
On March 29, 2008, she made a one-time appearance with her husband at a Ladies of Wrestling tribute show for Dona Chela Salazar in Chicago, Illinois.
His ring name, Águila Solitario, is Spanish for "Lone Eagle", which is reflected in the eagle wing design on his mask.
Marasciulo debuted on WWE's main roster in 2009 as Trent Barreta and was one half of the Dude Busters with Caylen Croft.
He has wrestled for such promotions as World Championship Wrestling, All Japan Pro Wrestling and WWE.
Higuchi's nickname, "Ikemen" is a reference to the Japanese slang term for metrosexual.
Seth Lesser is an American professional wrestler currently performing under the ring name Simon Grimm.
Frederick Seawright is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Brickhouse Brown.
He was the first, and to date the only, Iranian to win the world superheavyweight title, which he achieved in 1989.
In June 2010, Aguayo returned to AAA after a seven-year absence to start an invasion storyline involving his stable.
Glenn Ruth is an American professional wrestler best known for his time in the World Wrestling Federation, under the ring name, Thrasher.
He is also the first Mini to have held the Mexican National Lightweight Championship.
As of 2007, Quartermain began negotiating to appear on WWE's Extreme Championship Wrestling brand as well as touring Japan with Osamu Nishimura's Muga World promotion.
He is best known for his time in WWE.
In addition, Reverend Amituana'i Anoa'i and Peter Maivia were "blood brothers", a connection that continued with Afa and Sika, who regard Peter as their uncle.
William Dee Calhoun was an American professional wrestler, who used the professional name "Haystack" or "Haystacks" Calhoun.
Ismael Muñoz Lopez is a retired Mexican Luchador or professional wrestler best known under the ring name Alberto Muñoz.
Reyes is a former holder of the Mexican National Welterweight Championship, having won it as "El Salsero" while working for the Asistencia Asesoría y Administración promotion.
He has fought for M-1 Global, Cage Rage, K-1, PRIDE Fighting Championship, RINGS, Glory, Konfrontacja Sztuk Walki, It's Showtime, SuperKombat, SLAMM!!
Hussey began his professional wrestling career in 1999.
Último Dragoncito is Spanish for "Little Last Dragon", alluding to the fact that he wrestles as a mini version of Último Dragón.
Although he was born in Hawaii, he has spent nearly his entire career as a member of the Japan-based All Japan Pro Wrestling promotion.
Julio Domingo Estrada Caceres is a Puerto Rican professional wrestler and manager, better known as Rico Suave.
She was born in Perth, Australia on 2 February.
Carrera's son currently wrestles for Perros del Mal as Bestia 666.
In March 2008, he returned to OVW, where he won the OVW Television Championship on one occasion.
In addition, he wrestled with Florida Championship Wrestling and the American Wrestling Association.
Several times, he weighed in at over 800 lb, and on one occasion he weighed over 900 lb
Nelson Frazier Jr. was the second son of sport and basketball player, Nelson Frazier Sr. and Michel Lee Frazier.
He is a former contestant on WWE Tough Enough and currently wrestles on Lucha Underground.
In May 2013, she signed a contract with WWE and was assigned to WWE Performance Center and developmental brand NXT in Orlando, Florida.
She was formerly the Senior Vice President of the TNA Knockouts Division.
He was held in high regard by his fellow wrestlers such as Lou Thesz, J.J. Dillon, Rip Hawk and Les Thatcher.
He worked in Ohio Valley Wrestling for sixteen months, mostly wrestling in tag team matches while making appearances in WWC.
Before embarking on his professional wrestling career, he was an officer for the Punjab state police.
Since August 2012, Marconi has competed in the National Wrestling Alliance winning titles in several NWA-affiliated promotions.
He was the world's highest-paid actor of 2016.
He has appeared in four Hollywood films, two Bollywood films and several television shows.
Pablo Márquez is an Ecuadorian professional wrestler.
He is currently signed to New Japan Pro Wrestling and Ring of Honor, where he performs under the ring name Will Ospreay.
Ventura was a member of the U.S. Navy Underwater Demolition Team during the Vietnam War.
He mainly works on the independent circuit in the United States and in Mexico.
He is a four-time NWA World Tag Team Champion.
Joseph Fornini, better known by his ring name "Jumping" Joe Savoldi is an American professional wrestler and the son of wrestler Angelo Savoldi.
He is the son of Dory Funk and brother of Terry Funk.
Nancy Elizabeth Benoit was an American professional wrestling valet and model.
Anthony Norris is an American retired professional wrestler and football player.
Mad Dog McPhie is an English professional wrestler.
He has a special arm band as an Iranian National Hero.
Storm competed in World Championship Wrestling most notably as a member of the tag team Maximum Overdrive with Tim Hunt.
The band released their self-titled debut CD on September 11, 2007.
As world champions, they defended the belts not only in New England but throughout the U.S. and Japan.
She began her professional wrestling career in 2002 after appearing on a reality television show.
Among other title wins, Hase held the WCW International World Heavyweight Championship once.
Jamshidi emerged into the international spotlight at the 1999 World Wrestling Championships in Athens, Greece, where he took home the bronze medal in the 85-kg division.
In AAA he is a former two–time AAA Cruiserweight Champion and a one–time AAA World Mixed Tag Team Champion with partner Christina Von Eerie.
He served as the flag bearer for Iran at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where he placed sixth.
He is currently President of Iran Wrestling Federation, being elected for the position on 4 January 2014.
In October 2005, he returned to New Japan as a site foreman, a booker, and a part-time wrestler.
Larry Heiniemi is an American retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Lars Anderson.
He wrestles in independent wrestling leagues all around Japan and has wrestled in the United States for Chikara and Pro Wrestling Guerrilla.
No-Laughing batsu games, where his ritual appearance always involves slapping Hōsei Tsukitei in the face.
Lawrence Oliver is an American former professional wrestler, known as "Crippler" Rip Oliver, who had great success in Pacific Northwest Wrestling.
Pedro A. Morales is a Puerto Rican retired professional wrestler.
In 2011, he formed an alliance with Kofi Kingston, known as Air Boom, and they won the WWE Tag Team Championship.
He previously worked as Apoc for Ohio Valley Wrestling, where he was a two-time OVW Heavyweight Champion.
Regardless, Hansen found championship success in both countries.
El Solar is the ring name of a Mexican Luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler who has been working in Mexico since 1975.
Nilka García Solís is a Puerto Rican professional wrestler known as Black Rose or La Rosa Negra.
Brian Woermann is a former American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Matt Stryker.
Robert Lee Ross, Jr. is an American semi-retired professional wrestler and former United States Army paratrooper, better known by his ring name, Ranger Ross.
He has wrestled in Japan and in the United States in various professional wrestling promotions.
Morales retired from professional wrestling in 1987.
He is one-half of the tag team Breezango along with Tyler Breeze.
His name means "Archangel of Death" in Spanish.
Charles R. Palumbo is an American mechanic, reality television personality and former professional wrestler.
She is a three–time TNA Knockouts Champion, and a former one–time TNA Knockouts Tag Team Champion with Tara, known collectively as TnT.
In September 2010, Neidhart began focusing on singles competition, which culminated in her winning the WWE Divas Championship in November of that year.
After being released from WWE in June 2003, Lockwood joined NWA Total Nonstop Action as Mad Mikey, where he remained until his death later that year.
In 1975, he was injured in a plane crash; he suffered a broken back and was forced to retire from wrestling.
Ian Prindible is a Canadian professional wrestler.
He is currently working under the ring name Jimmy K-ness J.K.S.
He has in the past worked both in Europe, Japan and made a few brief appearances for the World Wrestling Federation show WWF Super Astros.
He competed in several Canadian wrestling promotions, including Stampede Wrestling, and later wrestled for New Japan Pro Wrestling, Smoky Mountain Wrestling, and the World Wrestling Federation.
He displayed a blazing fighting style, with speedy reflexes seldom giving his opponents a chance to return.
He was then sent to Ohio Valley Wrestling, where he held the OVW Hardcore Championship twice.
Masao Inoue is a Japanese professional wrestler who currently works for Pro Wrestling Noah as a freelancer.
He competed in the Seniors age group and the 78 kg weight class.
He also had a brief stint in World Championship Wrestling in 2000.
Casanova has had extensive pro wrestling feuds with The Patriot, Primo Carnera III, Tito Santana, and Jake Roberts.
He has also worked as an on-screen character in an authoritative role; as "Commissioner" of Ring of Honor and "Management Director" for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Adam Pearce is an American retired professional wrestler who is currently working as a trainer at the WWE Performance Center.
In July 2002, she teamed with Threat to win the EWF Tag Team Championship.
Randy Colley is a retired professional wrestler better known as Moondog Rex.
Robert Alexander Swenson Jr. was an American professional wrestler, stuntman and actor.
Pro Wrestling Illustrated readers voted Luger the Most Popular Wrestler of the Year in 1993.
In 1997, Rude co-founded the influential D-Generation X stable, along with Shawn Michaels, Triple H, and Chyna.
Smith Stewart Hart was an American-Canadian professional wrestler and a member of the Hart wrestling family.
The puppeter called Chatterbox from Hi-5 from Series 7 in 2005 and Series 8 in 2006.
He is best known for his work with WWE, where he spent nine years as a commentator, interviewer, and occasional wrestler.
Kento Miyahara is a Japanese professional wrestler, currently signed to All Japan Pro Wrestling.
Gerard Ethifier, better known by his ring name as Gerry Morrow, is a Martinique-born Canadian professional wrestler.
Mario Bulfone, better known by his ring name Mario Milano, was a professional wrestler.
Before assuming the "Black Warrior" ring persona, López worked for almost a decade under various ring personas, generally with little success.
Reil is always a classically trained actor, having starred in hit films such as "Purgatory" and "The Pit".
Yūki Ōno is a Japanese wrestler who most notably worked for Dragon Gate.
Naofumi Yamamoto is a Japanese professional wrestler and former boxer.
William Chase Tatum was a wrestler for World Championship Wrestling.
He is best known for his work in Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre from 2007 until 2015 under the ring name La Sombra.
Dirty Dennis Allen is an American retired professional wrestler.
He is a former world heavyweight champion, having held the NWA World Heavyweight Championship once.
He returned to regular competition in 2001 and 2002.
John Theodore Wisniski, better known by his ring name Johnny Valentine, was an American professional wrestler with a career spanning almost three decades.
International Master of Sports in freestyle wrestling.
He is blind in his right eye.
Serrano has previously worked as Mascarita Mágica, a miniature version of the original Máscara Mágica.
Samuel Roman is a Puerto Rican-American former professional wrestler.
He has also wrestled for several promotions in the United States, Japan, and other countries.
She is best known for her work in Shimmer Women Athletes as well as all-women's promotions in America and Canada.
Wendi Richter is a retired American professional wrestler.
He is one of the three sons of professional wrestling patriarch Afa Anoaʻi and a member of the Anoaʻi family.
While performing, he wore a red and yellow mask and used the ring name Fray Tormenta.
He currently works the independents as Sinn Bodhi.
He wrestled in several promotions, including the World Wrestling Federation and World Championship Wrestling.
Sean Michael Waltman is an American professional wrestler.
He and Michaels were part of Animal House with Chris Charger and Billy Fives, a stable which dominated numerous Southeastern independent promotions during the late 1990s.
Player Uno became popular for basing his gimmick, moveset, and attire around video games, specifically games for the NES and SNES consoles.
He was also third at the 2004 World Cup.
He adopted a "claw hold" for his finisher, and was famous for desegregating wrestling.
In the early part of his career, he was a member of the Convertible Blonds, a heel stable with Rip Rogers and Pistol Pez Whatley.
He was the second Irish wrestler, after Danno O'Mahoney, to become a world champion.
Perez is a three-time WWE Women's Champion, and a two-time WWE Divas Champion.
Along with Kikutaro and Stalker Ichikawa, he is considered one of the greatest three comedy wrestlers in Japan.
They were taken off television in late 2006.
Alison is also a regular fashion & jewelry model for the Home Shopping Network, and hosted "The College Experiment" on Fox Sports from 2010 to 2013.
In the course of his career, South has wrestled for professional wrestling promotions such as Jim Crockett Promotions, World Championship Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation.
Richard Ellinger, better known by his ring name Meatball, is an American professional wrestler who is signed to Micro Championship Wrestling.
In 2006, Orton joined forces with Edge in a tag team known as Rated-RKO.
Sajjad Barzi is a retired amateur Iranian Greco-Roman wrestler, who competed in the men's super heavyweight category.
The Anoaʻi family, originating from American Samoa, is a family of professional wrestlers.
Owens began his career in 2000 at the age of 16.
While in NWA Florida, he was part of the heel stable 911 Incorporated with Ron Niemi, Rod Steel, Eric Loy and The Shane Twins.
Harold Fitzgerald Hogue is an American former professional wrestler.
While in OVW, he adopted the ring name Johnny Nitro and was placed in a tag team with Joey Mercury.
He was previously also a Tehran City councilor from 2003 - 2013.
Hager also worked for the World Wrestling Council as El Momio, and also worked in Mexico.
She became the Queen of FCW and won the FCW Divas Championship, and was the first woman to hold both titles simultaneously.
Poffo grew up in Downers Grove, Illinois and currently makes his residence in Largo, Florida, a suburb of Tampa.
Shawn Emile Stipich, DC is an American-Canadian chiropractor, motivational speaker and retired professional wrestler.
Frank Simmons Leavitt was an American professional wrestler of the early 1900s, known by the ring name Man Mountain Dean.
While competing for IWS, he won the IWS Heavyweight Championship and the IWS Tag Team Championship on one occasion each.
Her last completed film was the drama The Misfits.
Cancio also wrestled as Atlantico and Bronco but worked most of his career as El Torero.
His four sons, Joseph, Robert, Steve and Brian, all became wrestlers, the elder three under "Armstrong" ringnames, and Brian as a "James".
Kyla Bremner is an Australian freestyle wrestler.
Zbyszko was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame on March 28, 2015.
John T. Smith is an American retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, J.T.
Daniel R. "Danny" Holle is an American professional wrestler, currently working on the independent circuit.
Elix Skipper is an American retired professional wrestler.
After debuting on the SmackDown brand, he became a follower of 'Mattitude' and appeared regularly as Matt Hardy's sidekick.
After retiring, Diaz became an actor and appeared in several Mexican films.
Katsumasa Kuroki is a Japanese professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Magnum TOKYO.
Bischoff has also worked with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling where he served as Executive Producer of Impact Wrestling.
Best known by the ring name Giant Haystacks he was one of the best-known wrestlers on the British wrestling scene in the 1970s and 1980s.
He is currently signed to WWE where he currently serves as a commentator for NXT.
Rocca was a popular fan favorite and in some cities with both Italian American and especially Hispanic audiences, his following was exceptionally large and loyal.
Teri Byrne was a member of WCW's Nitro Girls and is a former fitness competitor.
As his health declined, the charges were dismissed on January 3, 2017.
Cherry managed the team to one reign as WWE Tag Team Champions.
He was best known for his appearances with the World Wrestling Federation/World Wrestling Entertainment in the 2000s under the ring names Umaga and Jamal.
She joined the all-female promotion Shimmer Women Athletes in 2007, where she was one half of the first-ever Shimmer Tag Team Champions, along with Nevaeh.
William James Myers, better known by his ring name George "The Animal" Steele, was an American professional wrestler, school teacher, author, and actor.
Blue Demon Jr.'s real name is unknown.
Championships held by Garvin over his career include the NWA World Heavyweight Championship.
Kenny Benkowski, better known by his ring name, Kenny Jay is an American retired professional wrestler, best known for his appearances with the American Wrestling Association.
Upon signing with WWE, Anderson was assigned to the company's developmental territory Ohio Valley Wrestling in Louisville, Kentucky in 2005.
He is the 1999 King of the Ring winner.
Marc Dionne is a Canadian professional wrestler, better known by his ring names Stupefied and Player Dos.
Jonnie Juice is a New Zealand professional wrestler.
Jonah Rock is an Australian professional wrestler.
Joseph Robinson is an American professional wrestler currently signed to New Japan Pro-Wrestling under the ring name Juice Robinson.
Cruz lost the "Gran Markus Jr." mask on June 29, 1997 when he lost a Luchas de Apuesta match, or "bet match" to Mil Máscaras.
Morales was inducted into the WWF Hall of Fame in 1995 and the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame and Museum two decades later.
He once again competed for Guinea-Bissau at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
Fisher held the XPW World Heavyweight Championship on two occasions.
He was inducted into the Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame in 1996 and the WWE Hall of Fame in 2007.
Tom Ricca is an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring names Tony Ricca and The Pharaoh.
El Fareón was originally an enmascarado but lost a Luchas de Apuestas, or "bet match" to Fishman on April 23, 1973 and was forced to unmask.
The team was managed for over a year by TNA wrestling knockout Angelina Love, who was known at the time as Angel Williams.
Hannah Gladden is an American wrestler from Alabama who won the 2013 Pan American FILA Wrestling World Championships in Medellín, Colombia.
At the world championships he won two gold and one silver medals in 1961–65.
Ronald "Ron" Simmons is an American retired professional wrestler and football player.
He has been posthumously inducted into the Wrestling Observer, Professional Wrestling, and WWE Hall of Fame.
Ladd also took up professional wrestling during the AFL offseason and after a knee injury ended his football career, he turned to wrestling full-time in 1969.
Williams owns the trademark to his ring name.
Henry Mittlestadt was a Canadian professional wrestler.
Cuevas was originally an enmascarado but lost his mask in 1992 to Pierroth, Jr..
As of January 2017, Grisham is working for the UFC as a broadcaster.
At age 74, he was put back on the company's payroll to show appreciation for his work for the McMahons.
He currently wrestles for Wrestling Superstars Live and various other independent promotions.
He currently works for Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide in Mexico.
Tamon Honda is a Japanese professional wrestler who is currently a freelancer, he most recently worked for Pro Wrestling Noah.
She also served as the assistant tournament controller at the Christchurch Commonwealth Games in 1974.
David Anthony Aspin, is a wrestler from Waiuku, New Zealand.
Inoue spent the next 12 years with Noah before returning to AJPW in 2012.
Birch was trained by fellow wrestler Jimmy Cicero and made his wrestling debut in October 1996, using the name Joey Matthews.
Dylan Mark Postl is an American professional wrestler and actor who is currently signed with Impact Wrestling under the ring name Swoggle.
She also had a successful career overseas in the Japanese promotion W*ING during the mid-to late 1990s.
He returned as El Zorro in October 2013.
Alfonso Carlos Chicharro was a Spanish professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Hercules Cortez.
He is a two-time world junior champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Edward Moore is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Eddie Kingston.
He was originally an Enmascarado, a masked wrestler, but lost his mask in a match against El Canek on September 17, 2004.
Ogawauchi's greatest fame came as the fifth member of the Crazy MAX stable in Toryumon.
Valiente is Spanish for "Valiant", expressed by the sword icon on his mask.
Eric Thompson is a Canadian professional wrestler.
Nobuyoshi Nakamura is a Japanese professional wrestler currently working for Dragon Gate as Dragon Kid.
He held 16 titles during a 20-year career, including the WCWA World Heavyweight Championship.
Aldis also appeared on the United Kingdom revival of Gladiators, where he was known by the name Oblivion.
On January 24, 2011, Croitoru was charged with first degree murder in connection with the 2008 killing of Jonathan Barber in Burnaby, British Columbia.
Bret Sergeant Hart, better known by the ring name Bret "The Hitman" Hart, is a Canadian-American retired professional wrestler, retired amateur wrestler, writer and actor.
He gained Ariel as a valet, and later joined the New Breed faction in early 2007.
His character was that of a stereotypical 1970s blaxploitation street pimp.
On October 7, 2004, Colón made his debut performing on the main event of SmackDown!
After being diagnosed with prostate cancer in 1991, he became an advocate for public health and fitness.
Michael Shawn Hickenbottom, better known by his ring name Shawn Michaels, is an American actor, professional wrestling personality, television presenter and retired professional wrestler.
Kazuhiko Masada is a Japanese professional wrestler, mostly known for his ring name Mazada.
Brown returned to England to wrestle for Superstars of Wrestling in October 2016.
He is a former World Tag Team Champion, with William Regal.
Once signing with WWE, he worked for its farm territory, Florida Championship Wrestling, before he began officiating matches on WWE television.
Ashley Marie Massaro is an American former professional wrestler, model, valet, and general manager signed to World Independent Ladies Division Wrestling.
Among his most famous international opponents were Antonio Inoki, Bull Power and André the Giant.
Strickland also works for Lucha Underground under the name of Killshot.
He was drafted by the Tennessee Titans sixth overall in the 2005 NFL Draft.
In his later career, LeDuc competed in Puerto Rico and had a brief stint in the World Wrestling Federation.
Peña was the former head booker of Empresa Mexicana de Lucha Libre before forming AAA.
Matthew Rehwoldt is an American professional wrestler.
Bert Ruby was a professional wrestler, wrestling trainer, and wrestling promoter.
Behrouz Jamshidi is a retired amateur Iranian Greco-Roman wrestler, who competed in the men's light heavyweight category.
Wilbur Snyder was an American football player and professional wrestler.
Jacobs began his professional wrestling career on the independent circuit in 1992.
He became known for being part of two famous "brother" tag teams, the Lisowskis and the Neilsons.
He is currently working as Black Abyss or sometimes known as Abismo Negro II.
He began wrestling in Japan in 1953.
Joel Bernal Galicia is a Mexican Luchador, or professional wrestler, better known under the ring name Olímpico.
In TNA, she became a five-time TNA Knockouts Champion, making her a seven-time Women's Champion overall.
He has recently formed a tag team with younger half-brother, Zak Zodiac, as The UK Hooligans.
He was also the first man to simultaneously hold two Canadian wrestling championships, the Stampede North American Heavyweight and International Tag Team Championship, at one time.
He is currently signed to Ring of Honor.
In February 2016, Miyahara won AJPW's top title, the Triple Crown Heavyweight Championship, becoming the youngest winner of the title in the process.
He is also a one-time NXT Champion, thus making him the first man to have held both the NXT Championship and the NXT Tag Team Championship.
Moore befriended Matt and Jeff Hardy as a child, and they later trained him to wrestle.
Mohammad Reza Sokhtesaraie is a retired Iranian super-heavyweight wrestler who competed both in freestyle and Greco-Roman divisions.
Chad Collyer is an American magician, mentalist and semi-retired professional wrestler.
Peter Senercia, better known by the ring names Taz or Tazz, is an American radio presenter, former color commentator and a professional wrestler.
Manuel Leal, better known as Tinieblas, is a Mexican luchador.
He is also one of the originators of what became the hardcore wrestling style, and the uncle of ECW legend Sabu.
Stevie Lynn is a Northeast-based English professional wrestler who competes with many independent promotions within the United Kingdom and Europe.
He is the first one-legged competitor in professional wrestling.
He wrestles for Northwest Ohio Wrestling as Krimson.
Wrestling, Bad Boys of Wrestling, and the Continental Association of Wrestling.
They later feuded with each other when Hawk found a new partner after Hanson suffered a legitimate heart attack.
All totaled, Mysterio has won 21 titles between WWE and WCW, including a record eight Cruiserweight Championships.
Scott Ronald "Scotty" Garland is an American firefighter and professional wrestler,  currently signed to WWE as a trainer at the WWE Performance Center.
Described as a "wrestling genius", he was inducted into the National Wrestling Alliance Hall of Fame in 2009.
Eric Angle is an American former amateur and professional wrestler.
Kashmere was trained by ECW Stars "The Pittbulls" in South Philadelphia in 1999.
In April 2015, Dragon Lee won his first professional wrestling title, the CMLL World Lightweight Championship.
She is now semi-retired, wrestling matches for custom shoots and websites and assuming a valet/manager role in Shimmer to the International Home Wrecking Crew.
Raymond M. Lloyd is an American martial artist, professional wrestler, and actor.
Tony Kontellis, is a former Australian professional wrestler.
Lovelock was active in the 1950s and 1960s and was primarily known for his work in the Carolinas, Georgia, and Florida.
He won a silver medal for the United States at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London in weightlifting.
In 2005, Ashkani recovered from an Olympic setback to flourish his wrestling career with two more medals.
She attained the WWE Divas Championship in April 2010, holding the championship for 69 days.
He is the brother of Gerard Ethifier.
He plans on running events in the future once school is behind him.
Parks also wrestles in GFW as Abyss' storyline brother/split personality Joseph Park, Esq..
Rodney Kellman, better known by his ring names Dru Onyx and Soa Amin, is a Canadian professional wrestler.
Mark Sloan is a British professional wrestler.
She was a part of AfterBuzz's WWE's Monday Night Raw, WWE's NXT, and ABC's The Bachelor recap shows.
John Olin was an American professional wrestler.
Long began his career in the National Wrestling Alliance where he became a manager.
Dennis "Denny" Brown is an American retired professional wrestler.
Askari Mohammadian is a retired Iranian freestyle wrestler.
Hamada has worked for most of her professional wrestling career in Mexico, making occasional appearances in her father's home country of Japan.
A unique showman, with an elongated beard, rubber band facial piercings, and loud outfits, Albano was the forefather of the 1980s Rock 'n' Wrestling Connection.
After signing with WWE in 2002, Anoaʻi and Fatu were called up to the Raw roster.
Charles Eugene Wolfe Jr. was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Gino Hernandez.
He best known for his work in Asistencia Asesoría y Administración, where he worked for 12 years as El Alebrije, along with his Mini-Estrella companion Cuije.
Bret Hart has called Sayama the 'Bruce Lee of wrestling' because of his lightning speed, martial arts abilities and athleticism.
Suicide first appeared as a fictional character from the video game TNA Impact!.
After a lengthy investigation, the charges were dropped in June 2006 because of insufficient evidence.
Blanca claims to have been in 700 Luchas de Apuestas since making his wrestling debut in 1954.
Siki started wrestling in 1955 in Artesia, New Mexico.
He wrestled collegiately at Cal Poly San Luis Obispo, where he won Pac-12 titles in 2010 and 2011 and was a three-time All-American.
Llanes held both the Mexican National Light Heavyweight Championship and the NWA World Middleweight Championship during his career.
He is best known for his time in Asistencia Asesoría y Administración since 2005 to 2011.
Cathy Allison Corino is a Canadian retired professional wrestler and professional wrestling manager, better known by her ring name, Allison Danger.
Christopher Eric Harris is an American professional wrestler.
Ghaffari is one of the most accomplished and decorated Greco-Roman wrestlers in U.S.A. history with 3 USA Records.
Outside of Freedoms, Kasai has worked for Hustle, Ice Ribbon, CZW and Big Japan Pro Wrestling.
Carelli won four championships in WWE before retiring from professional wrestling in 2014.
Overall, Orton has won 16 total championships in WWE.
After a decade of working for CMLL in his native Mexico, Dorada signed with the Japanese promotion New Japan Pro Wrestling in January 2015.
Following his release, Parmeter took time off from wrestling, before debuting for NWA Charlotte in February 2009.
Gowen competed for World Wrestling Entertainment and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
He is currently working as a freelancer for promotions such as Pro Wrestling Zero1 and Wrestle-1.
John Parsonage is a Canadian semi-retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name "Hot Shot" Johnny Devine.
Pérez subsequently returned to Puerto Rico, performing in the IWA and Puerto Rico Wrestling Association, winning the heavyweight titles of both promotions.
He was best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment where he performed under the ring names Garrison Cade and Lance Cade.
Rebecca Victoria Reyes-Hardy is an American model, actress, television personality, dancer, and professional wrestler.
Tom Howard is an American professional wrestler, and actor.
He is well known for his very brutal deathmatches with the likes of Ryuji Ito and several other BJPW wrestlers.
Croitoru was also known for his history of legal problems.
Along with his real-life brother Jeff, he gained notoriety in WWF's tag team division due to their participation in Tables, Ladders and Chairs matches.
Laurence Roy Heffernan was an Australian professional wrestler.
As coach he led the Oklahoma state wrestling team to the NCAA Wrestling Team Championship on at least one occasion.
Ashley Nichole Lomberger is an American professional wrestler best known for her work with Global Force Wrestling under the ring name Madison Rayne.
Although she was a top-billed actress for only a decade, her films grossed $200 million by the time of her unexpected death in 1962.
Shiori Asahi is a Japanese wrestler, currently working for Kaientai Dojo.
He is the current WildKat Heavyweight Champion and Freedom Pro Wrestling National Champion.
He also works as an assistant trainer at the ROH Dojo.
Kirby Mack is a retired American professional wrestler, known for his appearances on the independent circuit.
Throughout his career he worked for Jim Crockett Promotions, the World Wrestling Federation, World Championship Wrestling, and several regional promotions in the 1980s and 1990s.
He is also a two time United States Champion having won the title twice in 2017.
He won the bronze medal in the Men's freestyle 74kg at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
She attended the University of Central Florida.
He has also won numerous titles on the independent circuit.
He also worked as a masked character in High Impact Wrestling Canada as Sitar Singh.
Melanie Cruise is an American professional wrestler best known for her appearances in SHIMMER and POWW Entertainment.
He is freestyle wrestler who competed for Iran at the 2002 World Championships in Tehran.
Sensei is a Mexican Luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler, currently working for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre.
Alejandro Pérez Jiménez was a Mexican Mini-Estrella Luchador, or midget professional wrestler who worked mainly under the name Espectro II.
Flash's exposure in CZW led him to get a few other promotions.
Starting in 2010 he began working as Mini Super Astro.
He is a second generation wrestler, being the son of his trainer Ivan Putski, alongside whom he has wrestled on several occasions.
Mark Pugh is an American professional wrestler best known as Mark Briscoe.
He has also wrestled for Extreme Championship Wrestling.
Williams first passion is professional wrestling and what he is better known for.
Most of the straight edge principles he portrayed, such as not drinking alcohol or not taking recreational drugs, are his real life views.
The New Day are the current SmackDown Tag Team Champions.
The son of professional wrestler Jimmy Snuka, Reiher began wrestling in the late 1990s, and worked for the UWA and the Xcitement Wrestling Federation.
José Casas Ruiz is a Mexican professional wrestler and trainer working for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre under the ring name Negro Casas.
Vera wrestled throughout the world during his long career and held the NWA World Middleweight Champion for over four years.
A back injury in 2000 prematurely forced Marconi into retirement.
Prior to joining WWE, Farrelly wrestled on the European circuit and was a two-time International Heavyweight Champion during his tenure in Irish Whip Wrestling.
Bliss made her main roster debut on the SmackDown brand in July 2016 and became the first woman to win the SmackDown Women's Championship twice.
In December 2010, he competed in the fourth season of NXT as Johnny Curtis, and he eventually won the competition in March 2011.
Eric Holmback was an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Yukon Eric.
Among other accolades, Wright is a two-time USWA Unified World Heavyweight Champion, a one-time WWF Intercontinental Champion, and a one-time WWF Tag Team Champion.
He has worked for the majority of his career for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide.
Akira Tozawa is a Japanese professional wrestler currently signed to WWE where he performs on Raw brand in the cruiserweight division.
He traveled to Japan, Korea, and Australia to wrestle.
He was previously best known for his time with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling and Ring of Honor.
She is best known for working for World Wonder Ring Stardom and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Between AJPW, NJPW, World Championship Wrestling and W-1, Mutoh has held a total of 22 championships.
Patrick Kenney is an American retired professional wrestler and baseball player, better known by his ring name, Simon Diamond.
Alejandro Cruz Ortiz was a Mexican Luchador, known worldwide as Black Shadow.
roster and on their debut in April 2005, Mercury and Nitro went on to win the WWE Tag Team Championship.
Among his many accomplisments, Baba was a four-time PWF World Heavyweight Champion, three time NWA International Heavyweight Champion and a three-time NWA World Heavyweight Champion.
His offense includes various technical wrestling holds and pinning combinations, along with hard hitting strikes, which stems from his love of puroresu.
The Undertaker was the storyline older half-brother of fellow WWE wrestler Kane, with whom he has alternately feuded and teamed with as The Brothers of Destruction.
In addition to being their on screen manager he actually handled the team's affairs outside the ring as well, including contract negotiations and travel arrangements.
Hiromasa Horiguchi is a Japanese professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Genki Horiguchi.
He is also a musician, having written his own entrance music, and was part of the band Peroxwhy?gen with Jeff Hardy.
Juan Kachmanian, better known as Pampero Firpo, is a retired Argentine professional wrestler of Armenian descent.
His feuds with Yasu Fuji & Chati Yokochi, Black Angus Campbell and manager Percival A.
It disbanded in 2010 and Orton returned to singles competition.
He lost to Catch as Can Style Wrestling Champion Edwin Bibby in 1881 for the Australian Heavyweight Championship.
Dubbed "The Living Legend", Sammartino is widely regarded as one of the greatest professional wrestlers of all time.
Goudarzi won the silver medal in the 74 kg Freestyle competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Currently, he is part of a team called Los Exóticos, a group of Exotico, or transvestite wrestlers.
She also appeared at ChickFight III, where she made it to the second round of the tournament.
He joined Japan Pro Wrestling Alliance in August 1967.
Over his career, he has worked for various independent promotions, including Maryland Championship Wrestling, Independent Wrestling Association Mid-South, and Combat Zone Wrestling.
Collyer is perhaps best known for his appearances with Ring of Honor and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
He has also toured Canada and South Africa.
Stone works in the British independent circuit with promotions such as Insane Championship Wrestling, Frontier Wrestling Alliance and International Pro Wrestling: United Kingdom.
He is best known for his time working in World Wrestling Entertainment developmental territory Florida Championship Wrestling, under the ring names Maverick Darsow and Barry Allen.
He lost the title later that year but remained a popular main eventer until his untimely death on November 13, 2005.
He served as flag bearer for Iran at the Opening Ceremony of the 1970 Asian Games, and won a gold medal a few days later.
Tayla Ford is a New Zealand Olympic wrestler.
He is currently signed with Impact Wrestling under the ring name Kingston.
Psaltis then joined WWE, where her most notable feud involved her marrying Al Wilson, the storyline father of her rival Torrie Wilson.
He is also a two-time WWE United States Champion.
Damien Wayne Kostyal, better known by his ring name Damien Wayne, is an American professional wrestler.
Leonard "Lenny" Carlson is an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Lenny Lane.
He is known best as Silver King, but also had an extensive stint as Black Tiger III, the third incarnation of the Black Tiger character.
Shane Sewell is a Canadian professional wrestler and referee.
Robert Bradley "Brad" James was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Brad Armstrong.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics she competed in the women's freestyle wrestling 72 kg event.
Daniel Briley, better known by the ring name "Nightmare" Danny Davis, is an American retired professional wrestler and referee.
In 2014, Sandow became a comedic impersonator, leading up to an alliance with The Miz, as his stunt double Damien Mizdow.
He is the father of professional wrestlers Joe Malenko and Dean Malenko.
Huguelet wrestled across the eastern seaboard of the U.S. from 1990 until 1997.
Between 2002 and 2012 he was a full-time regular for All Star Wrestling.
Frank Vizi is an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring names Bull Pain, Rick Gantner and Psycho.
Jimmy Olsen is an American former professional wrestler.
He has held over 20 championships around the world throughout his career, including the WCW World Television Championship and the WWE United States Championship.
Nicholas W. Wilson is an American hardcore professional wrestler best known from Combat Zone Wrestling, where he wrestles as Nick Gage.
Novachkov studied biokinetics at the California Polytechnic State University, where he was named Male Athlete of the Year in 2011.
He has also wrestled in Canada, Mexico and Ireland.
His ring name was the Blonde Bear.
He is considered to be one of the greatest professional wrestlers of all time.
In September 2006, he captured his first and only title with the company, the United States Championship, and would hold on to it for a month.
His younger brother Taylor Rotunda also performs in WWE under the ring name Bo Dallas.
His greatest accomplishment was a gold medal at the 1999 World Wrestling Championships.
Before entering the sports entertainment industry, Psaltis made her living in real estate.
Five of the Díaz brothers all used the Villano name; José de Jesús, José Alfredo, Tomas and Raymundo.
Arturo Díaz Mendoza is a retired Mexican professional wrestler best known for performing under the stage name Villano III.
He finished fifth in the 90 kg freestyle wrestling division at the 1992 Summer Olympic Games in Barcelona.
He has been a tecnico throughout his wrestling career.
Rogers was a two-time world champion, holding the top championship in both the NWA and the WWWF, today known as WWE.
A dairy farmer, Mudgway died on 16 April 1988 and was buried at Hawera Cemetery.
Michael Allan Bollea is an American retired professional wrestler.
He currently wrestles for Montreal's Northern Championship Wrestling, the Ontario-based Blood Sweat and Ears promotion, as well as other independent promotion.
He is also the father of professional wrestler George Weingeroff.
Ventura first entered politics as Mayor of Brooklyn Park, Minnesota, from 1991 to 1995.
Nanae Takahashi is a Japanese professional wrestler.
He is the founder and former owner of the promotion Combat Zone Wrestling.
Runnels left WWE after requesting his release in May 2016.
He managed to use this to gain a sort of cult popularity, and his catchphrase, "Who has called me hage?
He was accepted to Stanford University, but turned down the opportunity to pursue professional wrestling.
Norvell Austin is a retired American professional wrestler who made his debut in the late 1960s.
He was the flag bearer for Senegal during the closing ceremony.
Frank Parris is an American professional wrestler.
After his return with sporadic appearances, Sandow was released in 2016.
James Spaniolo is an American rapper from Detroit, Michigan, born on November 5, 1975.
He was also the patriarch of the Guerrero wrestling family.
When the Kangaroos broke up, Heffernan left America to return to his home of Australia.
He is best known for his 12-year tenure working for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling from 2004 to 2016, where he is considered a "TNA Original".
Johnson's first leading film role was in The Scorpion King in 2002.
In 1999, he signed with WCW, and gained fame as "Sugar" Shane Helms, a member of 3 Count.
He has held NWA Zero-One's United States Championship twice and Ultimate Pro Wrestling's first Heavyweight Champion.
She also competed in the same division at the 2012 Summer Olympics, Lubov Volosova.
WWE then moved him to the main roster in 2003 where he formed an alliance, with Kurt Angle and Charlie Haas, known as Team Angle.
The special proved to be a ratings success, leading to Hogan and her family starring in the reality television series Hogan Knows Best.
In the WWF, she feuded with Bull Nakano and Bertha Faye, while holding the WWF Women's Championship three times.
Terry Scott Szopinski is an American professional wrestler.
Costello was either an active wrestler, or a manager in all versions of The Fabulous Kangaroos.
After being released from WWE in April 2010, Waters joined TNA in August 2010 adopting the new ring name Winter.
Akira Maeda on January 24, 1959), is a Japanese mixed martial artist and retired professional wrestler of Korean descent.
He also wrestled in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring name Brother Runt.
Bryan Emmett Clark is an American retired professional wrestler.
He is the youngest son of El Santo, the legendary professional wrestler, film actor, and Mexican folk hero.
He has gained success predominantly as a member of the duo Insane Clown Posse, where he has earned three gold albums and two platinum albums.
He is the brother of the late Scott Irwin.
Cormier competed primarily in Canada and often formed a tag team with his brothers; together, they are known as the Cormier wrestling family.
He competed in the freestyle heavyweight division the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, reaching the quarter finals.
Brandi is also known for his appearances with the American Wrestling Federation, World Championship Wrestling and Extreme Championship Wrestling as Johnny Gunn.
He now lives modestly with his family and owns XTC Auto in Mason City, Iowa.
He is currently working for New Japan Pro Wrestling and Ring of Honor as Hangman Page.
He headlined two pay-per-views for the WWF: Survivor Series 1989 and In Your House 16: Canadian Stampede.
Roberto Limonta Vargas is retired male wrestler from Cuba.
Danny "Boy" Collins is an English professional wrestler.
When he worked with Rodriguez, he was the play-by-play announcer.
Misawa is widely regarded as one of the greatest professional wrestlers of all time.
Valencia also previously worked as "Dr. O'Borman, Jr." a name he licensed from the original Dr. O'Borman.
Ryan Sakoda is a Japanese American professional wrestler.
He is best known for his time in WWE, where he won the WWE Tag Team Championship once with Santino Marella.
Takashi Yoshida is a Japanese wrestler, better known by his ring name Cyber Kong.
He is a former AIWF World Heavyweight Champion.
Assad was trained by former professional wrestlers Soulman Alex G and Norman Smiley.
On December 7, 1976 he won the WWWF World tag team championship with Chief Jay Strongbow.
Steven Haworth, better known by the ring name Nigel McGuinness, is an English professional wrestling commentator and retired professional wrestler.
Ian Richard Hodgkinson, better known by his ring name Vampiro, is a Canadian professional wrestler currently working for Lucha Underground as a color commentator.
In May 2003, Doane made his WWE television debut as "Ken Phoenix".
Damien Dothard was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Damian Steele.
He currently makes limited appearances for International Wrestling Revolution Group in Mexico.
Makoto Oishi is a Japanese professional wrestler currently working for Dramatic Dream Team.
Trosky has also established a successful career as a stunt performer and coordinator.
Trisa Laughlin is an American retired professional wrestling valet, better known by her ring name, Beulah McGillicutty.
Julius Smokes is an American professional wrestling manager, mostly known from his work in Ring of Honor.
He is currently signed to Ring of Honor, where he and his tag team partner Hanson are former ROH World Tag Team Champions.
It was reported In January of 2017 that Steve Corino became a coach at The WWE Performance Center.
He is signed to WWE, where he performs on the SmackDown brand under the ring name Aiden English.
Andrew Vassos is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Donovan Morgan.
Brigham Paul Doane, better known by his ring name Masada, is an American professional wrestler.
He was best known for his tag team with his brother Barney "Bill" Irwin.
After being rehired in 2002, he formed Los Guerreros with his nephew Chavo, winning the WWE Tag Team Championship, and established himself on the SmackDown brand.
He won the gold medal by defeating Masuod Jokar in the final with the help of his coach Filberto Delgado.
Together, they held championships in four different promotions.
She is the ex-wife of professional wrestler and Olympic gold medalist Kurt Angle and the wife of TNA and GFW founder and wrestler Jeff Jarrett.
He is best known for his work with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling and WWE.
Maeda was also known by the ring name Kwik-kik-Lee during his time on the British wrestling show World of Sport.
Matthew Wade Osborne was an American professional wrestler.
Armand Rougeau is a former professional wrestler.
She was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2011.
In the late 1980s, Hamilton founded Deep South Wrestling, where he also wrestled until a back injury forced him to retire in 1988.
In 2000, the nation's largest wrestling library, the new AAU National Wrestling Hall of Fame, was named the "Dean Rockwell Library and Research Center."
He was considered one of the top submission wrestlers of his day working with Don Leo Jonathan and Stu Hart.
Tsuyoshi Kikuchi is a professional wrestler currently working as a freelancer.
He competed in the World Wide Wrestling Federation, where he won the WWWF Tag Team Championship.
Ware came to the ring with a blue-and-yellow macaw named Frankie, and would flap his arms like a bird while dancing before and after his matches.
Following his departure from WWE, Runnels began wrestling in the international independent circuit and found success in numerous promotions.
He was famous for being the first to blow "Asian mist" in his opponents' faces.
He was also an NFL player for the Baltimore Colts early in his career.
He is best known for his time in Florida Championship Wrestling, WWE's developmental territory.
Juan Manuel González Barrón is a Mexican luchador enmascarado who is best known under the ring name Dr. Wagner Jr., having used that name since 1987.
He also is a regular panelist on the Saturday morning Fox News show Bulls & Bears.
Beginning in 1999, Young had a high-profile "second career" in the World Wrestling Federation.
He was eliminated in the second bout at the 2016 Olympics.
He is currently working for New Generation Wrestling where he performs under his own name.
Gary wrote, directed and starred in "Bodyslams!
Keown debuted in 1972, as Wayne Cowan.
Bill Pierce is an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Chris Michaels.
He also held several records for tearing telephone books.
In October 2009, she won the WWE Divas Championship, but lost it to Melina the same night.
In addition, he also performed for Ring of Honor, Combat Zone Wrestling, Jersey All Pro Wrestling, and the short-lived MTV promotion Wrestling Society X.
He attended the University of Tampa with Paul Orndorff.
He currently serves as the senior producer for WWE Raw.
Dudley was the first African-American to run a major United States arena.
Robert Geigel was an American professional wrestling promoter and also a professional wrestler.
During her time as a bodybuilder, she won three medals in Bodybuilding Amateur World Championships.
Rude wrestled from 1982 until his 1994 retirement due to injury, with a final match following in 1997.
Brooks began his professional wrestling career on the American independent circuit, primarily with Ring of Honor until 2005 when he signed with World Wrestling Entertainment.
Nathan "Chip" Minton III is an American former bobsledder and former professional wrestler.
In 2014, he left IGF to become a freelancer, starting to work for promotions such as Big Japan Pro Wrestling, Pro Wrestling Zero1 and Wrestle-1.
Fighting Spirit Magazine exclusively named her and early rival Eden Black as "spearheading a revolution in British wrestling" with regards to serious female wrestling.
Suicide is a professional wrestling persona, used by multiple professional wrestlers.
In the early 1990s, he was a part of the tag team The Bad Breed with Ian Rotten.
Robert Welch is a professional wrestler and manager better known by his ring names Robert Fuller and Col. Robert Parker.
She was the first and only winner of the promotion's Rookie Diva of the Year award.
Junji Izumida was a Japanese professional wrestler who worked for Pro Wrestling Noah.
During his pro wrestling career, McMichael became a member of a version of the legendary Four Horsemen stable, and held the WCW United States Title.
As an award-winning bodybuilder, he was a training partner and close friend of Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Rick Harris is an American retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Black Bart.
She also worked for WCW as a valet and wrestler.
Brian Fleming is an American professional wrestler.
He was the Owner, Founder and CEO of New Sport Entertainment GmbH which is the company that owns New European Championship Wrestling.
His ring names are Spanish for "Phoenix", "King Phoenix" and "Phoenix the King".
In this promotion he was teamed with Eric Pérez, forming a tag team known as The Puerto Rican Nightmares.
José Delgado Saldaña is a Mexican professional wrestler or luchador currently working for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre.
He is remembered for his innovation of the Romero Special/La Tapatia submission manoeuver, commonly known as the Surfboard.
The readers of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter voted Sabre the Best Technical Wrestler of 2014, 2015, and 2016.
Katarina Leigh Waters is a German-born English professional wrestler, valet and actress.
Masaki Okimoto is a Japanese professional wrestler from Neyagawa, Japan; he's a current member of the Michinoku Pro Wrestling roster as Rasse.
Additionally, James found success in singles competition by becoming a one time Intercontinental Champion and a one time Hardcore Champion.
Steven Paul Lewington is an English professional wrestler.
Kenta Kobayashi, is a Japanese professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Hideo Itami.
He started to wrestle freestyle in 1950 at the age of 15.
At age 24, he became the youngest world champion in WWE history after he won the World Heavyweight Championship.
He was born in Leigh, Lancashire, and was trained by fellow Leigh native, Harry Pennington.
In FIP, he has won the World Heavyweight Championship three times, and the Tag Team Championship once with Erick Stevens and once with Rich Swann.
He has worked for many independent promotions across the United Kingdom, including the Frontier Wrestling Alliance, Real Quality Wrestling and One Pro Wrestling.
Known as La Maravilla Moreliana; Bonales innovated the Topé Suicida wrestling moves.
He and Wild were co-owners of the EWA for a brief period.
In 2017, Jacobs announced his intention to run for the office of mayor of Knox County, Tennessee.
He is best known for his appearances with the professional wrestling promotion Extreme Championship Wrestling from 1997 to 2001.
Doug Gilbert is an American professional wrestler.
Jade Chung is a Canadian professional wrestler, manager and model.
He also spent time on wrestling tours of Japan and New Zealand.
He was perhaps best known for his appearances with the World Wrestling Federation under the ring names Brady Boone and Battle Kat.
Dorado is, perhaps, best known for working for Chikara and several other independent promotions.
Flying Fred Was a sensational star in Texas in the sixties and teamed up with Fritz von Erich.
He wrestled as a jobber in the WWF, but he was booked to win titles in several other promotions.
Earlier he won the World Military Championships in 2001, and finished third in 2000.
In 2010, WWE recognized her as the 43rd best wrestler ever.
Takako Inoue is a Japanese professional wrestler.
Vickie Otis, better known by her ring name Princess Victoria, is a retired professional wrestler.
A tall and lanky man, he was usually noted for flying dropkicks, spin kicks and leaps off the rope."
In 2001 Martin "Farmer" Burns was inducted into the International Wrestling Institute and Museum Hall of Fame.
Brooke Ellen Bollea, better known by her stage name Brooke Hogan, is an American reality television star, actress, singer-songwriter, and media personality.
Although creating controversy, promoters soon forgot about his negative sides.
He is one of two men to hold all three of puroresu's major heavyweight titles, the other being Kensuke Sasaki.
In Japan, Saito wrestled for both All Japan Pro Wrestling and New Japan Pro Wrestling.
Enrique Torres was a Mexican-American professional wrestler, the oldest three Torres brothers in wrestling, and a major star in the late 1940s and 1950s.
He trained Ricky Morton to wrestle, and they teamed often in the early 1980s, winning three championships six times.
She worked for companies such as Extreme Championship Wrestling, World Wrestling Federation and XPW.
Elizabeth Kocianski-Copeland is a retired American professional wrestler, better known by her ring name Beth Phoenix.
His cousin, Earl Oliver, is a successful musician and founder of the oldest pro wrestling internet website, Solie's Vintage Wrestling.
For the American voice actor named Paul Christy, see Moose A. Moose and Nick in the Afternoon, two of Christy's best known works.
He began his career in the International Wrestling Association based on Puerto Rico.
Also, he is the current Director of Talent for Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide.
Whipwreck is a former world champion, winning the ECW World Heavyweight Championship once.
He currently competes around the United Kingdom.
He was born and raised in Ontario, Canada.
Kenny Casanova is an American professional wrestler and professional wrestling manager with international success in semi retirement, and also a DJ.
There was another Jules Strongbow, who wrestled in the 1930s and promoted in California through the 1950s.
She worked along well-known female professional wrestlers such as Penny Banner, The Fabulous Moolah, and Gladys Gillem.
Other rivals included The Iron Sheik, Ivan Koloff, and Jesse Ventura, who would refer to Putski as "Puduski" when commentating for the WWF.
He currently wrestles under the ring name The Stro.
Jasmin St. Claire is an Virgin Islander American former pornographic actress.
She formerly performed for several Northern United States-based independent promotions as well as the all-female promotion Shimmer Women Athletes.
David William Heath is an American professional wrestler.
He was a popular "fan favourite" while wrestling for Steve Rickard's All Star-Pro Wrestling and frequently appeared on the long-running wrestling television programme On the Mat.
He won a silver medal at the 1962 World Championships and placed eighths at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Atlantis has held a large number of professional wrestling championships over the years, both in Mexico and in Japan, both individually and as a tag team.
She is known for igniting negative reactions from audiences with her catchphrase, "Excuse me!
Shirley Crabtree Jr., better known as Big Daddy, was an English professional wrestler with a record-breaking 64 inch chest.
Daivari's TNA theme started with two planes crashing.
Valerie French is a former professional wrestling valet better known as Sunshine.
ESPN journalist and former WWE personality Jonathan Coachman described Angle as "the greatest I've ever seen in the ring".
Hernandez' death was initially ruled a homicide case, but police later concluded that he had died of a drug overdose.
Boyd would also act as a manager for Luke and Butch Miller as they competed under the "Sheepherder" name.
After a series of minor film roles, she signed a new contract with Fox in 1951.
He was the third fastest newcomer after Brock Lesnar and Sheamus to win the WWF Championship after his WWF debut.
He competed solely on the Jackson Florida character until his departure from the company at the end of 2011.
In March 2017, Caleb Konley became the most recent wrestler behind the mask.
Aaron Steven Haddad is an American professional wrestler best known for his tenure with WWE under the ring name Damien Sandow.
Chris Markoff is an American retired professional wrestler.
Michinoku is the founder and promoter of Kaientai Dojo, where he also wrestles.
Martin Wright is an American professional wrestler currently signed to WWE under a legends contract that was signed on November 6, 2015.
Hiromi Horiguchi, a wrestler currently working for Toryumon Mexico, was thought for some time to be Genki's brother, but the relationship was only a gimmick.
Baadshah Pehalwan Khan is a Pakistani Professional Wrestler.
She has also made appearances for various other Mexican promotions including International Wrestling Revolution Group where she held or holds the IWRG Intercontinental Women's Championship.
She also acts as a manager for her real-life husband Mike Bennett.
He has worked for many independent promotions such as Insanity Pro Wrestling, Jersey All Pro Wrestling, Full Impact Pro, Chikara, and IWA Mid South.
He spent the next two years with the promotion, becoming the inaugural IWGP Intercontinental Champion in May 2011.
Gregory Alan Gagne is a retired American professional wrestler.
She is also known by the name Inferno, which she used in the 2008 British television series Gladiators.
Styles first appeared in WWE in 2002, but turned down a developmental deal he was offered with the company.
In 1/8 of final he defeated Fredy Serrano from Colombia, but lost in the quarterfinal with Russian Besik Kudukhov.
He is best known for his work alongside his older brother Charlie in Memphis Championship Wrestling and Jersey All Pro Wrestling.
Before starting a wrestling career, Mitchell played football for the Beaumont Drillers while at Blinn College.
Later on he would team with fellow African American Koko B. Ware as one half of the "Pretty Young Things".
Shaun Simpson is a retired professional wrestler from South Africa.
Erin Angel describes her gimmick in wrestling as "I'm a little angel...until you cross me!".
Throughout her career, she performed for various professional wrestling promotions such as Ultimate Pro Wrestling and Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling under the ring name Carnidge.
Marc Julian Copani is an Italian-American school principal and retired professional wrestler.
Descalza is best known under the ring name Franco Columbo, a name he uses even after retiring from wrestling.
He won the title twice from Samoa Joe.
Fuerza Guerrera is Spanish for "Warrior Strength", not to be mistaken for the surname Guerrero.
Along with his long-term business partner Jerry Lawler, Jarrett is a key figure in the history of professional wrestling in the Mid-Southern United States.
Michael Deek is an American professional wrestler, currently wrestling on the independent circuit under the ring name Anthony Michaels.
Kane also holds the all-time record of Royal Rumble eliminations at 44.
On two acres behind the house Kellett sometimes bred pigs and once said he kept fifty head of cattle.
Michael Lynn Durham was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Johnny Grunge.
Kevin Matthew Fertig is an American professional wrestler.
Savelina Fanene is an American model and professional wrestler currently signed to WWE, where she performs on the Raw brand under the ring name Nia Jax.
Between WWE, ROH, and Japanese promotions, he held eleven total championships.
Theodore "Ted" Arcidi is an American former professional wrestler, actor and powerlifter from the United States.
He previously competed on the independent circuit under the ring name Big Damo, which is derived from his original ring name Damian O'Connor.
Sweet Daddy Siki is a retired professional wrestler and singer.
On April 5, 2014, Hall was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame.
She won both the LLF Championship and the XWF Women's Championship, before being sidelined with a knee injury in 2004.
He was one of several men to team with Jardine as Spoiler #2, twice winning the NWA United States Tag Team Championship during the early 1970s.
He has overcome multiple drug problems as well as a major heart defect during his career, and has written an autobiography, entitled Walking a Golden Mile.
He is best known for his appearances with World Championship Wrestling between 1995 and 1998 under the ring names The Yeti and Reese.
Tyson Moody is a Canadian professional wrestler, known by his ring name Tyson Dux, and is currently wrestling for various independent promotions.
Shinsuke Nakamura is a Japanese professional wrestler and former mixed martial artist currently signed to WWE, performing on the SmackDown brand.
In August 2016, Shiozaki was appointed the chairman of Noah's wrestlers' association.
His recurring arm issues due to the 1988 injury led Orndorff to retire in 2000.
Together they are former one-time Chikara Campeones de Parejas, one-time PWG World Tag Team Champions and winners of PWG's 2012 Dynamite Duumvirate Tag Team Title Tournament.
She is signed to WWE under the ring name JoJo as a ring announcer on the Raw brand.
Robert Anthony is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Egotistico Fantastico.
He is currently signed to Ring of Honor, where he is a four time World Tag Team Champion.
With the World Wrestling Federation, Jarrett is a six-time Intercontinental Champion and one of four wrestlers to hold both the Intercontinental and European titles simultaneously.
He also won silver medals at the world championships in 1978 and 1981.
Often prone to blading, Aguayo has been described by American pundits as a cross between Terry Funk and Bruno Sammartino.
He is also known for his appearances with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling as B.G.
Larry Johnson was a professional wrestler better known as Sonny King.
Rocca was posthumously inducted into the WWF Hall of Fame class of 1995 and the Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame the following year in 1996.
At the 2005 World Wrestling Championships held in Budapest, Hungary, he won the bronze medal.
Jeff Smith, better known as Izzy Slapawitz, is an American retired professional wrestler, manager and color commentator, best known for his time with International Championship Wrestling.
Kyohei Mikami, known by his stage name MIKAMI, is a Japanese professional wrestler.
He also was a candidate for president of the United States.
Gurjit Singh Hans is an Indo-Canadian professional wrestler, best known for his time in the World Wrestling Federation under the ring name Tiger Ali Singh.
He represented Iran at the Wrestling Men's freestyle 60 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Ikuto Hidaka is a Japanese professional wrestler, currently performing for Pro Wrestling Zero1.
Wight has headlined multiple pay-per-view events for WCW and WWF/WWE since 1995, including the 2000 edition of WWE's premier annual event, WrestleMania.
He competed at the 1988 and 1992 Olympics and placed seventh in 1992.
Jean Antoine is a French given name.
Antonio Pugliese, better known by his ring name, Tony Parisi, was an Italian-born Canadian professional wrestler.
He was also a one-time WCW World Tag Team Champion with Butch Reed and a one-time WCW United States Tag Team Champion with Big Josh.
William Jones is an American retired professional wrestler and former United States Army soldier, better known by his ring name Chilly Willy.
He currently competes on the independent circuit using the ring name Babi Slymm.
He appeared as a contestant on the UK version of Deal Or No Deal on 28 June 2011.
Kevin Northcutt is an American professional wrestler.
Steven Eugene Corino is a Canadian semi-retired professional wrestler currently signed with WWE as a trainer for their developmental territory NXT.
In 2007 he was inducted into the FILA Hall of Fame.
During his six-year tenure with WCW, Gilbertti became a one-time Cruiserweight Champion, a two-time Television Champion and a one-time Tag Team Champion.
He won the promotion's World Television Championship three times during the course of his career before departing the company due to creative differences in 1996.
Ahad Pazaj is an Iranian retired Greco-Roman wrestler, and coach of Iranian Greco-Roman wrestling team.
In 2010 Cosme debuted for Puerto Rican World Wrestling Council, where he won the Universal Heavyweight Championship.
Flair was the first titleholder of both the WCW World Heavyweight Championship and the WCW International World Heavyweight Championship.
After Moretti left WWE in 2005, she wrestled for Women Superstars Uncensored, winning two other titles, and was also inducted into the WSU Hall of Fame.
Three of his sons are all luchadores enmascarados known by their ring names Black Fish, El Hijo del Fishman and El Único de Ciudad Juárez.
Funk has been inducted into multiple halls of fame, among them WWE, WCW, and the NWA.
Jonnie Stewart is a retired American professional wrestler.
In the course of his career, Brisco wrestled for several National Wrestling Alliance member promotions and won dozens of championships.
James Wiley Smith Thomas Reiher Snuka is an American retired professional wrestler.
He has also appeared in several movies.
Melissa Coates is a Canadian professional wrestler, bodybuilder, fitness model and actress.
Signing again with WWE in 2010, he was assigned to a developmental territory, Florida Championship Wrestling, where he adopted the Damien Sandow moniker.
Patrick Buckridge is an American professional wrestler and promoter, better known by the ring names Pat Buck and "Cactus Pat".
Later that year, he debuted on the main roster as part of The Nexus.
After Kidman retired from active competition, London formed a tag team with Brian Kendrick, with whom he won the WWE Tag Team Championship.
Much of his career was spent wrestling as a tag team with Steve Doll throughout his career.
Donald Heaton, also known as Don Leo Jonathan, is an American-Canadian former professional wrestler.
Shayne Hawke is a Canadian professional wrestler.
Reyes' son currently works as Ciclón Ramírez, Jr.
He is best known for his work in the World Wrestling Federation and World Championship Wrestling under his nickname "The Mouth of the South".
Tom Beninghaus is a retired American professional wrestler.
He went by the ring name Blue Wolf.
Angle made his first appearance at a professional wrestling event in 1996, with his in-ring debut following in 1998.
Robert Carson, better known by his ring name Bob Sweetan, was a Canadian professional wrestler and convicted sex offender.
Slade Mercer is a professional wrestler, otherwise known as Max Damage or Max "The Axe" Damage.
After leaving ROH in December 2016, Haworth signed with WWE.
He later portrayed a heel, acting like an arrogant, rich, self-obsessed character.
Jason Spence is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Christian York.
Brian Christopher Lawler is an American professional wrestler.
He was one half of the tag team known as "The Australians" with Ron Miller.
John Quinn is a Canadian retired professional wrestler.
Amy Janas, better known by her ring name Lorelei Lee, is an American professional wrestler.
He competed at the 1972 and 1976 Olympics and placed fifth and second, respectively.
He also worked as the announcer and referee on the Spike TV show Half Pint Brawlers.
He has numerous US and International credits as an actor, stuntman, producer, technical producer, action coordinator, and fight scene choreographer.
In January 2016, he won his first professional wrestling championship, the CMLL World Lightweight Championship.
Ray Samalonis is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name "Surfer" Ray Odyssey.
After only a few appearances, she joined a stable called The Gathering and was written into storylines with the group.
Amir Reza Khadem Azghadi is an Iranian wrestler who won Olympic bronze medals in 1992 and 1996.
Sean Casey is an American professional wrestler who wrestles on the Southeast independent circuit.
Asai holds a record as the professional wrestler with the most concurrent championships.
Pierre Lefebvre was a French-Canadian professional wrestler better known by his ring name Mad Dog Pierre Lefebvre.
Takao Yoshida, better known by his ring name Taka Michinoku, is a Japanese professional wrestler and former mixed martial artist.
He is also the owner of IWA East Coast, and is currently employed by Juggalo Championship Wrestling.
He retired in 2015 after nearly 40 years in the ring.
Afshin Biabangard is an Iranian wrestler, bronze medalist of the world championships.
Following the split of the team, Mitchell was released from his WWE contract in May 2007.
Currently, he still holds the WDFPF world records in the squat, deadlift and total and the USAPL American record in the deadlift since 1995.
Perfect, a nickname introduced in his second run with the company which gradually became his official ring name.
He is a former holder of the historic British Welterweight Championship.
Vortekz won the CZW World Heavyweight Championship at the Super Saturday event in Indianapolis on February 2, 2012 from Devon Moore.
Goga was the youngest among his Bholu brothers who remained a professional wrestler during the later years.
He wrestles for Dragon Gate, where he is a member of the Jimmyz stable.
Not to be confused with Gary Richard Williams, who wrestled under the ring name Gary Hart.
In May 2013, Hennig reignited his career under his current ring name, paying tribute to his father "Mr.
He started as a rugby league player before becoming a professional wrestler.
He worked in the United States as Pancho Pino and as El Ángel Exterminador in Mexico.
MNM was called up to the SmackDown!
The news quickly made the rounds, especially with the tragedy coming so close to Christmas.
He also performs for a number of other British professional wrestling promotions under the ring name Liam Lazarus.
Skipper was born in Orlando, Florida where she still resides.
Matthew Kaye is an American professional wrestler, producer, actor, director, and English language professional wrestling commentator, working under the ring name Matt Striker.
In January 2009, he joined the American promotion Ring of Honor.
Jesse Neal is an American professional wrestler and a former member of the U.S. military.
He is the current holder of the IWRG Intercontinental Lightweight Championship and won the 2012 version of the El Protector tag team tournament with X-Fly.
Flamita is a Mexican luchador enmascarado or masked professional wrestler.
Víctor Rivera was a Puerto Rican professional wrestler.
He would later receive the nickname El Tanque for his short but thick build.
Their audio can be accessed in the United States via the SAP feature on most TV sets.
Her most high-profile storyline took place in 2003 when she feuded with Dawn Marie.
Wippleman works backstage in WWE and occasionally manages in the Memphis area as Downtown Bruno.
Wesley David Richards is an American semi-retired professional wrestler, best known for his time with Ring of Honor.
He is best known as having been the manager of ROH's heel stable The Rottweilers.
His widow, Monica, is the daughter of Afa Anoaʻi.
He is the current Director of Marketing and Public Relations for Cirque du Soleil in Las Vegas.
Lanza was one-half of the tag team The Blackjacks with Blackjack Mulligan in the American Wrestling Association and World Wide Wrestling Federation.
In 2003 he came in first at the Pan American Games.
Throughout his sporting career, Montero has been training under his personal coach and mentor Filiberto Delgado for CEAR Cuba.
Yoshinari Ogawa is a Japanese professional wrestler who currently works for Pro Wrestling Noah.
Jugan, described as "local legend" by Pittsburgh Magazine, has been called one of the most important independent wrestlers to come out of Western Pennsylvania.
Kaye originally worked as a high-school teacher while beginning a career in professional wrestling.
Hawke is best known for his work with Chikara and International Wrestling Syndicate.
During his career in WWF/WWE, Morley held the Intercontinental Championship twice, the European Championship once, and the World Tag Team Championship once with Lance Storm.
In 2016, Jester challenged Drew Galloway for the TNA World Heavyweight Championship.
At least one of his escapes involved him 'breaking chains and bending bars'.
Adolfo Bermudez is an American professional wrestler.
Along with Orville Brown, Bill Longson, and Lou Thesz, he was one of the biggest stars of the 1940s.
Yasukawa is known for temporarily incorporating the blindness in her right eye, an effect of Graves' Disease, into her persona by wearing an eyepatch.
Charlie Norris is a retired American professional wrestler who competed in North American promotions as well as the World Championship Wrestling during the early 1990s.
He was, however, sent back to OVW shortly afterwards, where he joined The Spirit Squad as Nicky.
Following the split of the Spirit Squad, Doane was the only member to remain on WWE television.
Murakami is also known for his appearances in New Japan Pro Wrestling during the mid-2000s.
He became known for his distinctive pre-match dancing as well as his technical in-ring ability that would ultimately lead him to WCW championship gold.
Minoru Tanaka is a Japanese professional wrestler and shootboxer.
During the early years of his career, he made appearances for the X Wrestling Federation and Funking Conservatory, winning his first international championship for the second.
In his career Muñoz held several top championships promoted by Empresa Mexicana de Lucha Libre.
Takahashi entered New Japan in November 2003 with an extensive amateur background, advancing through the dojo and debuting on July 26, 2004, under his full name.
Michael "Mike" Enos is an American retired professional wrestler.
Ronald William Arneill is a Canadian professional wrestler, currently signed to WWE, where he performs on the SmackDown brand under the ring name Tye Dillinger.
He headlined many events for the ECW including three editions of the company's premier pay-per-view event November to Remember in 1996, 1997 and 1998.
Reyes worked as Pegaso I for six years before switching to the Ciclón Ramirez name in 1988.
In addition to his ring persona, he is the General Manager of the NWA Pro group located in Southern California.
He later began working on the independent circuit, wrestling for promotions including Dragon Gate USA and Evolve.
Cándido Robles Cruz is a retired Mexican Luchador, or professional wrestler .
He was eliminated in the 1/16 of final losing to Mongolian Buyanjavyn Batzorig.
Pierrothito is a part of Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre's Mini-Estrella, or "Mini", division and is a former CMLL World Mini-Estrella Champion.
She has guest starred on several television series, including Pacific Blue, and appeared in the film Corky Romano.
Johnny Powers is a retired Canadian professional wrestler, known by his legally changed ring name Johnny Powers.
After retiring in 2002, he returned to professional wrestling in 2011, reforming The Headbangers with Mosh and appearing on the independent circuit.
Made some trips to the World Wrestling Council in Puerto Rico.
Meek was killed in a homicide August 29, 2007.
In 2015, Ranallo became the only sports broadcaster to have called every major combat sport on U.S. national television: boxing, kickboxing, MMA, and professional wrestling.
Skye's ring gear is often blue, but she previously wrestled in a school girl costume.
Barry Allen Darsow is an American semi-retired professional wrestler who performs as Smash, one half of the tag team Demolition.
He was the father of "The Genius" Lanny Poffo and "Macho Man" Randy Savage.
Bruno Lauer is an American professional wrestling manager, referee, and occasional wrestler, better known by his ring names, Harvey Wippleman and Downtown Bruno.
Yasuhiro Kojima,, was a Japanese/American professional wrestler and trainer best known by his ring name Hiro Matsuda.
He is best known for his exploding steel cage matches against Atsushi Onita in Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling.
Mark Romero is a retired American second generation professional wrestler better known by his ring name Mark Youngblood.
He is currently working the independent wrestling circuit as a referee.
Magnificent" Kevin Kelly in the American Wrestling Association in the 1980s.
Douglas John Mudgway was a New Zealand amateur wrestler.
April Hunter is an American professional wrestler, professional wrestling valet, boxer, actress, writer and fitness/glamour model.
Many wrestlers who came through Hawaii in the 1960s and 1970s were bound to come across the name Ed Francis.
He also made brief appearances in the World Wrestling Federation in 1999 and 2001, both as a singles wrestler and with tag team partner Knuckles Nelson.
Because of this involvement, Kurihara has had to work twice as hard training and in the ring to avoid the stigma of being a sponsor's daughter.
Michael Altieri is an American former professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Mikey Batts.
His greatest success came in ECCW, where he had a long rivalry with Kurrgan and won the NWA/ECCW Heavyweight Championship on six occasions.
James Allen Cox, best known under the ring name James Storm, is an American professional wrestler currently signed to Global Force Wrestling .
For this, he was paid US$5.5 million, a world record for an actor in his first starring role.
Before being promoted to the main WWE roster, Compton was assigned to WWE's developmental territory Ohio Valley Wrestling in Louisville, Kentucky in 2005.
He is best known for his appearances with the Ohio Valley Wrestling promotion in the mid-2000s.
The duo won the OVW Southern Tag Team Championship and alongside their manager Melina, the stable was called MNM.
Snuka wrestled for several promotions from the 1970s to 2010s.
After graduating, he selected wrestling as his profession.
He currently wrestles in Michinoku Pro Wrestling as Manjimaru.
Daniel García Soto is a Puerto Rican professional wrestler best known by his ring name Stefano.
Daisuke Sekimoto is a Japanese professional wrestler, best known for his appearances in Big Japan Pro Wrestling and Pro Wrestling Zero1-Max.
He also had stints in World Championship Wrestling, Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, and World Wrestling Entertainment.
The group was called up to the SmackDown!
Kodaka has also won both the BJW Tag Team Championship and the Dai Nihon Saikyo Tag League once with Masashi Takeda.
His real name is sometimes mistakenly given as Brian Wall.
Jaime Dauncey is a Canadian professional wrestler, best known for her appearances with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling in 2006 under the ring name, Sirelda.
Kenneth M. "Kenny" Stasiowski is an American former professional wrestler.
After graduating from Eastern Michigan University in 1935, Rockwell taught and coached track, wrestling and football at several Michigan high schools.
She drives a truck named Madusa, and won the 2004 co-championship at the Monster Jam World Finals for freestyle in the first-ever three-way tie.
Yoshikazu Taru is a Japanese professional wrestler, better known by his ring name TARU.
James Dudley was an American baseball player, professional wrestling manager, and professional wrestling executive.
His nephew works under the ring name Garza Jr..
Dustin Patrick Runnels is an American professional wrestler who is currently signed to WWE on the Raw brand under the ring name Goldust.
Raymond Fred "Ray" Gunkel was an American professional wrestler and promoter in the state of Georgia.
Melissa Maughn) is a Canadian professional wrestler best known as her ring name 21st Century Fox.
Fuerza Guerrera is a Mexican Luchador enmascarado who made his debut in 1978.
Dauren Khalidovich Kurugliev is a Lezgin heritage Dagestani-born Russian freestyle wrestler.
He competed in several styles of wrestling, and his biggest rivalry was with Colonel J.H.
Gary Ballance is a professional wrestler from Dublin, Ireland, who is better known by his ring name Bingo Ballance.
In the 1980s, she joined the World Wrestling Federation.
Stuka Jr. regularly teams with Fuego, with whom he held the CMLL Arena Coliseo Tag Team Championship for a record four and a half years.
She formerly wrestled in Ring of Honor in their "Women of Honor" division as well as various promotions on the U.S. independent circuit.
In 1995, she worked in the World Wrestling Federation as the comedic character Bertha Faye, winning the WWF Women's Championship.
Erin Marshall is an English professional wrestler, better known by her ring name Erin Angel.
Raymundo Cuesta Veloz was a Mexican Luchador or professional wrestler best known under the ring name Kung Fu.
"Juventud Guerrera" is Spanish for "Warrior Youth".
Zass was born in 1888. in Vilnius, then part of the Russian Empire.
Jack Edward Miller is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Jack Evans.
He was the 21st person to complete the WWE Triple Crown, and was the winner of the 2006 Royal Rumble.
Heyman owned and was the creative force behind the Extreme Championship Wrestling promotion from 1993 until its closure in 2001.
He was billed from Moscow in the Soviet Union, and then from Lithuania after the fall of the Soviet Union.
He was billed as the brother of Fritz Von Erich, but was not related to Fritz or the rest of the Von Erich family.
He has also won the mask of several prominent wrestlers through his career including Kung Fu, Villano III, Último Guerrero and La Sombra.
José Luis Amezcua Muñoz is a Mexican Luchador, or professional wrestler, best known by his ring name Apolo Dantés.
The group disbanded in June 2008, after a series of losses.
Thomas James Laughlin, best known by his ring name Tommy Dreamer, is an American professional wrestler, promoter, and actor.
He was born in León, Guanajuato to a Mexican father and Chinese mother.
She is best known for her stint in World Championship Wrestling under the ring name Asya.
In the WWF/E, Steamboat was a one-time Intercontinental Heavyweight Champion and was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2009.
She is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment, where she worked on its SmackDown!
She was also a member of the wrestling stable Team America.
Aline da Silva Ferreira is a female wrestler from Brazil.
He was still performing as a strongman in the 1930s.
He also won the Heavyweight and Tag Team Championships in Ohio Valley Wrestling with Seth Skyhawk and Steve Lewington in 2005 and 2007, respectively.
Later on he worked backstage for Ring of Honor, doing backstage interviews for their DVD releases.
David Edward Finlay Jr. is a Northern Irish professional wrestling trainer, producer and retired professional wrestler.
Kenneth Anderson is an American professional wrestler and actor.
In late 2006, Kendrick returned and the two reformed as a team.
Robbie Dynamite is a British professional wrestler.
She also wrestles on the independent circuit under the ring name Taya Valkyrie.
He is also known for performing in various promotions such as World Championship Wrestling and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the name Dustin Rhodes.
Ryo Matsuri is a Japanese professional wrestler, better known for his ring name Onryo.
She won the Bronze medal the 2014 World Wrestling Championships.
Louis Gino Acocella, better known by his ring name Gino Brito, is a Canadian professional wrestler.
He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame on April 6, 2013, by his longtime friend, Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Aloysius Martin Thesz was an American professional wrestler.
Hernández also worked as the enmascarado Ponzoña from 1990 until 1994, and as Ninja Samurai for a brief time in 1994.
Four months later, he won the King of the Ring tournament and not long after he began pursuing the WWF Championship, which he won in October.
There he won the IWGP Heavyweight Championship from Big Van Vader in May 1989.
Barry Clinton Windham is an American semi-retired professional wrestler and the son of wrestler Blackjack Mulligan.
His main gimmick is that of an adherent of the straight edge lifestyle, a culture which he follows in real life.
She also was in the 2005 WWE Diva Search making the top 25 before being eliminated.
He has also worked for New Japan Pro Wrestling, where he is a former three-time IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Champion.
In addition, he is the only wrestler to win PWG's annual Dynamite Duumvirate Tag Team Title Tournament with two different partners.
Sōjirō Higuchi is a Japanese professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Jiro Kuroshio.
Moore has won many other titles on the independent circuit.
brand in 2005 to 2006 as James Dick.
He also won the TNA King of the Mountain Championship during his brief GFW crossover appearances with TNA in 2015.
He most notably wrestles for Chikara, Evolve, Ring of Honor, and Pro Wrestling Guerrilla, where he is the current PWG World Champion in his first reign.
A fourth-generation wrestler, he is the son of British wrestler Jim Hussey and the father of boxer Johnathan "Rocco" Hussey.
After the war, she continued to campaign for Indian independence and for the causes of theosophy, until her death in 1933.
Norman Anthony Smiley is an English/American retired professional wrestler.
Miguel Aarón López Hernández is an American luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler, best known under the name El Hijo de Rey Misterio.
She now serves as a female coach at The Academy School of Professional Wrestling in Minneapolis, Minnesota owned by Ken Anderson and Shawn Daivari.
As well as being a two-time NWA World Champion, she is also a ChickFight tournament winner.
Ryan Smiley Katz is an American retired professional wrestler, promoter and manager signed to WWE as a producer.
Aboutaleb Talebi Gorgori was an Iranian bantamweight freestyle wrestler.
Pendelton has worked with multiple promotions across the United States including NWA Anarchy and Deep South Wrestling.
He is best known for his appearances with the American Wrestling Association and the World Wrestling Federation in the 1980s.
He is best recalled by mainstream audiences for his time in the World Wrestling Federation, where he wrestled as "The Million Dollar Man" Ted DiBiase.
Ortiz was unmasked in 1999 and has worked unmasked ever since.
She has worked for World Championship Wrestling, Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, and Extreme Championship Wrestling under the names Gorgeous George, George Frankenstein, and simply George.
She was a leading speaker for the Fabian Society and the Marxist Social Democratic Federation.
After the split, Compton played an enhancement talent on SmackDown!.
Martin Casaus is an American professional wrestler, actor, voice over artist, and entrepreneur of Mexican descent.
He won the World Tag Team Championship two times.
He has also played the role of Máscara Sagráda II after the Original Máscara Sagrada left AAA.
Following his death, Aguayo was inducted into the AAA Hall of Fame and the Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame.
Allen Ray Sarven is an American professional wrestler, color commentator, training coach and actor better known by his ring name of Al Snow.
After losing the title, Doane became part of The Spirit Squad faction.
Barzegar was born as the fifth boy in a large sporting family, he also had one sister.
Curtis Hughes is an American professional wrestler, better known under the ring name Mr. Hughes.
His career lasted from 1967 until 1988, though he made occasional wrestling appearances into the 1990s and 2000s.
He is best known for his appearances in World Championship Wrestling from 1995 to 2000.
He is the son of Ramón Ibarra Banda, better known as the wrestler Super Parka and previously known as Volador.
Alvarado originally used the name Brazo de Oro Jr. after his father.
She is best known for her appearances with Extreme Championship Wrestling in the late 1990s.
Alireza Soleimani Karbalaei was an Iranian heavyweight freestyle wrestler.
Porter died on October 23, 2010, at his home in Hollywood, California.
He was a wrestling champion at the World and Asian Youth Championship in 1999.
William "Bill" M. Miller, better known by the ring name Dr. Bill Miller, was an American professional wrestler.
He is currently signed to WWE, where he serves as the lead play-by-play commentator on SmackDown Live.
He is also known for his work in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, where he is a former TNA X Division Champion.
He was also known as Kid Nichols or Adam Lust.
Robert Smedley is an American retired professional wrestler and author, better known by his ring name Bobby Blaze.
He is the son of Blackjack Mulligan and the brother of Barry Windham.
In 1980, he went back to New Zealand.
On March 31, 2012, Anderson was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame as a member of the Four Horsemen.
He has competed in singles competition also, since he has won various singles championships throughout his career.
He has also made several appearances for Ring of Honor and the World Wrestling Federation.
Since 2015, Blank has appeared in the reality television show WAGS.
In June 2005, she became the inaugural Stampede Women's Pacific Champion, and won the SuperGirls Championship the following year in October 2006.
He now lives on Great Barrier Island.
He competed in FCW until his WWE release in June 2008.
He was born in Dorchester, New Brunswick.
Mehdi Taghavi Kermani is an Iranian wrestler.
He retired from professional wrestling in December 2016.
She frequently wrestled women such as Ann Casey, Vicki Williams, Evelyn Stevens and Leilani Kai throughout the 1970s.
Kishin Kawabata is a Japanese professional wrestler, currently performing for Pro Wrestling Noah.
Antonio Inoki on February 20, 1943) is a Japanese professional wrestling and mixed martial arts promoter, politician, and retired professional wrestler and martial artist.
In April 2017, Hayashi took over as the new president of Wrestle-1.
He is best known for his work with Frontier Wrestling Alliance.
Dean Muhtadi is an American professional wrestler and former defensive lineman currently signed to WWE under the ring name Mojo Rawley, performing on the SmackDown brand.
He is known for his work in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling where he was a member of The Naturals alongside his tag team partner Chase Stevens.
She spent time in Ohio Valley Wrestling and Florida Championship Wrestling, WWE's developmental territories, before being assigned to the SmackDown brand in 2008.
Masanobu Fuchi is a Japanese professional wrestler currently wrestling in All Japan Pro Wrestling, where he is also a director and the co-head booker.
Manuel Cota Soto was a Mexican luchador, or professional wrestler best known under the ring name Mocho Cota.
In 2014, he had a role on the Science Fiction series "Haphead," about a futuristic video game subculture.
Hogan starred in the satire film L.A. Slasher, and is working on a new extended play consisting of country music.
He is best known for working for Ring of Honor and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
In 2011, Orndorff was diagnosed with cancer, but went through treatment and was declared cancer free by the end of 2011.
Michael "Mike" Nicholls is an Australian professional wrestler, currently signed to WWE where he competes in their developmental territory NXT under the ring name Nick Miller.
He's wrestled under his real name as well as the names Sammy Lee, and masked Super Tiger, Tiger King, Tiger Mask and The Mask of Tiger.
He is a one time American Wrestling Association champion and former operator of the Catch Wrestling Association.
He is currently working in the independent circuit in the United Kingdom for several promotions.
Cody Runnels, better known by the ring name Cody Rhodes or simply Cody, is an American professional wrestler and actor.
Bruce Ambrose Edwardious Hart Sr., possibly Bruce Dennis Luis Hart Sr. is a Canadian-American retired professional wrestler, promoter, booker, trainer and school teacher.
Debbie Szostecki is a professional wrestler better known as Debbie Combs.
He achieved the biggest success of his career in ECW, where he debuted in 1993 and captured the ECW Heavyweight Championship twice in his rookie year.
He also had stints with the Kansas City Chiefs and the Houston Oilers.
Yukihiro Kanemura is a Zainichi-Korean professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Kintaro Kanemura.
He was the flag bearer for Palau during the Parade of Nations.
In 2015, Muscle & Fitness named Johnson their "Man of the Century".
Her career spanned from the 1950s to the 1980s, during which time she was known for her toughness in the ring.
She currently performs for several Northern United States-based independent promotions and was the first Resistance Pro Wrestling Women's champion.
He also wrestles for Pro Wrestling Guerilla and various independent promotions under the ring name Trent?.
Lucas Eatwell is a British professional wrestler better known by the ring name Zack Sabre Jr.
He was also one of the stars of BBC documentaries Insane Fight Club and Insane Fight Club 2.
On March 14, 1997, Kandori had a bloody deathmatch, where the ring ropes were replaced with barbed wire, against Megumi Kudo in FMW.
He was famous for his finishing move, the Heart Punch, sometimes called the "Hurt Punch", after Baker's famous catchphrase "I love to hurt people!".
He also gained the rank of the Master Sergeant during his military service in Japan.
José Luis Amezcua Díaz was a Mexican professional wrestler who wrestled during the 1960s and 1970s under the ring name Alfonso Dantés.
The pair teamed together for almost three years, before they broke up in May 2008.
Ed Whalen was a Canadian television personality and journalist best known worldwide for hosting the popular professional wrestling TV series Stampede Wrestling.
He worked for World Wrestling Entertainment in its Ohio Valley Wrestling developmental territory.
In the same year, she placed fifth in the Raw Diva Search, later hired by WWE as a backstage interviewer.
He is best known for his appearances with the National Wrestling Alliance and World Championship Wrestling.
He also competed in Lucha Underground, TNA and GFW under the name PJ Black.
She is best known for her tenure in Extreme Championship Wrestling, and in World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment, where she was a two-time WWE Women's Champion.
Orndorff became a star in the 1980s WWF wrestling boom.
The show was later broadcast on the internet radio network, Blog Talk Radio.
James Guffey is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Jimmy Rave.
Santana Garrett is an American professional wrestler, valet and model.
In addition to being a professional wrestler LoMonaco is a radio talk show host.
The BackSeat Boyz were assembled by NWA New Jersey writer Donnie B who also became their manager both on the road and in NWA.
He was later reinstated as a referee and remained with the company until the mid-1990s.
The stable became a significant draw in Mexican professional wrestling, peaking during Aguayo's storyline rivalries with Místico and Héctor Garza.
Slaughter, is an American retired professional wrestler currently signed with the WWE in the ambassador program.
Later that year in July, he was named the General Manager of SmackDown following the return of the WWE brand extension.
Tommy Lee Jones is an American retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Tommy Lane.
Benjamin Franklin "Ben" Roller was a physician, a professional wrestler and a football player.
Jeff Warner is an American professional wrestler,and boxer best known by the ring name J. W. Storm.
He also appeared as cameo at various NWA and UWA wrestling events.
Herman Gustav Rohde Jr., better known by the ring name Buddy Rogers, was an American professional wrestler.
He worked mainly for Empresa Mexicana de Lucha Libre / Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre throughout his career.
Olímpico is sometimes Anglicised as "Olympico", and means "Olympian" in Spanish.
Adkisson held forty championships in various promotions during his career.
He also hosts a podcast radio show called The Bolin Alley with Brian Last.
He also was the ring announcer for the 2005 wrestling game Showdown: Legends of Wrestling.
Terri Lynne Boatright Runnels is an American retired professional wrestling manager, television host, and occasional professional wrestler.
He is best known for his work with the Frontier Wrestling Alliance, One Pro Wrestling and Real Quality Wrestling.
He currently competes in Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide.
Mendoza was the father of Los Villanos, Villano I, Villano II.
He also holds the record for the longest reign and most defenses with the title, achieved on his first reign with former partner Giant Bernard.
Rodríguez hosts The WWE Experience for Latin America introducing clips and recaps from the previous week's episodes of Raw, SmackDown and NXT.
From 2006 to 2008, he appeared at several charity wrestling shows for Power League Wrestling.
Sara Ann Lee is an American television personality and professional wrestler, best known her time in the American promotion WWE between 2015 and 2016.
In 2007, WWE abruptly ended their contract with DSW and the promotion suspended operations later in the year.
Alberto "Al" Madril is an American retired professional wrestler.
He also had notable feuds with Tiger Mask in Japan and Bret Hart in Canada.
He competed on the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic independent circuit during the 1980s and 90s.
Suzanne Miller, better known by her ring name Vivian St. John, was an American female professional wrestler.
Todd Sinclair, a senior official with Ring of Honor, received much of his professional knowledge and referee training from McCarthy and Hollow while a student there.
The duo wore bright neon outfits, had "futuristic" haircuts, talked about future events and at one point had a robot as their manager.
After a stint on the independent circuit, Moore joined TNA in December 2005.
He is also known for his roles in films such as 300, Sherlock Holmes, Immortals, Pacific Rim, Brick Mansions, and Hercules.
He is also a professional fighter, bodybuilder, model, and former bodyguard.
For much of his career he played a villainous character who would arrogantly taunt both opponents and crowds.
He is currently employed by the professional wrestling promotion WWE as a creative consultant.
Gold medal at Asian Championships in 1999, 2000.
Involved in a feud with Tony Stetson during 1992, he later appeared on ECW Hardcore TV as well as supercards including NWA Bloodfest.
He was inducted into the TNA Hall of Fame in 2015.
He is a former AAA Mega Champion as well as a former three time Campeón de Campeones, the predecessor to the AAA world championship.
In mid-2004, Strong joined forces with Alex Shelley, Austin Aries, and Jack Evans, collectively known as Generation Next.
Rodman also attracted international attention for his visits to North Korea and his subsequent befriending of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in 2013.
He is best known under the ring names Motor City Madman and Man Mountain Mike Moore, and for appearances in World Championship Wrestling.
She is best known for her work on the American independent circuit, for promotions including Pro Wrestling Guerrilla and Combat Zone Wrestling.
James Morrison is an American retired professional wrestler and manager, better known by his ring name, J.J. Dillon.
Born in Nelson, Ford is of Waikato Tainui descent.
Brown runs a professional wrestling academy in called Test of Strength Wrestling.
He is currently Deputy Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs in Legal, Parliamentary and Provincial Affairs, has been appointed for the position on 30 December 2013.
Gowen's left leg was amputated when he was eight years old.
"Zbyszko" was his older brother Stanislaus's childhood nickname, borrowed from a fictional medieval knight in the novel Krzyżacy; both brothers used it as their ring name.
Before becoming a professional wrestler, he was a judoka with a fifth degree black belt and won the 1965 All Japan Judo Championship.
Fanene Leifi Pita Maivia was a Samoan professional wrestler better known as Peter Maivia.
He is best known for his appearances with World Championship Wrestling in the 1990s under the ring name The Roadblock.
Ferrin Barr Jr. is an American former professional wrestler, better known as Jesse Barr.
Yoshikuni Kimura was a Japanese professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Gran Naniwa.
Ivan Maximovich Poddubny, Piddubny was a professional wrestler from the Russian Empire and later the Soviet Union.
He is the son of former wrestling world champion Ric Flair and the older half brother of Charlotte Flair and the late Reid Flair.
He appeared in several films in his native country along with a number of other luchadors.
He is signed to WWE where he serves as the play-by-play commentator on Raw and Raw pay-per-view events.
Larry Booker was an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring names Moondog Spot and Larry Latham.
He has a reputation for being involved in some of the most violent and bloody hardcore wrestling matches of all time.
Kevin Robert Kiley Jr. is an American professional wrestler and commentator, best known for his tenure with WWE under the ring name Alex Riley.
In 2002, he suffered a broken neck, which sidelined him for over a year.
He is best known for his work with World Wrestling Entertainment, as one half of the tag team "The Heart Throbs".
He is currently signed to WWE's developmental territory NXT, where he performs under his real name.
He is the brother of fellow professional wrestlers John and Joseph Laurinaitis.
Zeidvand kept his Iranian squad wrecking with a grueling 2–1 defeat to Azerbaijan's Farid Mansurov in the quarterfinal match.
He later became part of Kevin Kelly's Alliance of Defiance stable with Rod Steel, Mike Sullivan and Scoot Andrews.
Theodore Marvin DiBiase Sr. is an American former professional wrestler, manager, ordained minister and color commentator.
Theodore James Petty was an American professional wrestler better known as "Flyboy" Rocco Rock, one half of The Public Enemy.
This was her final appearance in a wrestling ring.
His surname was usually spelled "O'Mahoney" during his wrestling career.
His father was an Irish/Hawaiian physician, and his mother was a Japanese nurse.
They won the WWE Tag Team Championship twice, and dubbed themselves The World's Greatest Tag Team before they split in 2004.
He is best known for his time in WWE under the ring name Evan Bourne.
He was inducted into the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame in 2015 and the WWE Hall of Fame in 2016.
In addition, he was the 2011 WWE Superstar of the Year and the first two-time Money in the Bank winner.
He was a four-time winner of the World Wide Wrestling Federation's Junior Heavyweight Championship.
She was well known as one-half of the tag team Double Inoue, which she formed with fellow wrestler Kyoko Inoue.
However, DeMans left the AWA and Dukes replaced him as a member of the team.
He regularly teams with Stupefied/Player Dos/Stu Grayson as the Super Smash Bros.
He was one half of the tag team known as the Texas Hell-Razors as Tyrant Eric Dawson with the Outlaw Scott Chase.
In the 1960s, he teamed with Brute Bernard in the World Wide Wrestling Federation and won championships in several professional wrestling promotions.
He is the father of the late wrestler Bobby Duncum Jr.. His son died of an accidental overdose in January 2000.
Laredo Kid is a Mexican luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler.
In July 2010, he was re-signed by WWE, and returned to FCW where he began wrestling as Conor O'Brian.
Otto Wanz is an Austrian retired professional wrestler and boxer.
While there, she won the OVW Women's Championship twice, although her second reign is not officially recognized by OVW.
Maunakea Mossman is an American professional wrestler, better known under his stage name Taiyō Kea.
He appeared in several reality TV series and was the winner of the $222,000 main prize of the 2004 edition of Celebrity Mole.
Peter Sauer, was an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Ray Steele.
After The Corre disbanded, Miller mainly wrestled as a jobber from 2011 to 2016, forming several teams and losing numerous feuds.
Friend and Eduardo Miguel Perez were the cause of frequent riots and arrests in the St. Joseph-Kansas City area during the summer of 1972.
Thomas Edwin Drake was an American attorney, professional wrestler, politician, and member of the athletic staff of legendary football coach Paul "Bear" Bryant.
He is also one of only four men to win TNA's Grand Slam Championship.
Quinlan has been referred to as the most tattooed male romance cover model in the world.
Shaun Koen is a South African professional wrestler.
He currently works for New Generation Wrestling where he performs under the name 'The Amazing' Matt Myers.
Bownds has also wrestled in Japan, where he has worked for Pro Wrestling ZERO1-MAX, and Dragon Gate, one of very few Australian wrestlers to do so.
He is best known for his appearances with the World Wrestling Federation from 1987 to 1991.
In weightlifting, Henry was a three-time U.S. National Weightlifting Champion, an American Open winner, a two-time U.S. Olympic Festival Champion and a NACAC champion.
She was associated with LAX, and managed both members of the team, Homicide and Hernandez.
Shamrock was also ranked by Inside MMA as one of the top 10 greatest mixed martial arts fighters of all time.
Jake Milliman is an American professional wrestler.
He has also toured Japan on several occasions, working for New Japan Pro Wrestling, Pro Wrestling Zero-One, All Japan Pro Wrestling and Pro Wrestling Noah.
He is a former ICW Light Heavyweight Champion and two-time ICW Tag Team Champion with Apollo.
The stay in Svarga or Naraka is generally described as temporary.
He is known for his background in karate and the innovation of the Rolling German suplex.
Jesús Javier Hernández Silva, was a known under the ring name Oro, a Mexican luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler.
Initially Boyd competed both in North American and international promotions as part of the Royal Kangaroos with his cousin Norman Frederick Charles III.
Shinya Hashimoto was a Japanese professional wrestler.
Though he has mainly appeared with NWA Wildside and Georgia Championship Wrestling, Rukkus has also competed for WWF in a dark match in May 2000.
He was a three-time flag bearer and gold medalist at the 1982, 1986 and 1990 Asian Games.
He is the former co-owner of the New Jersey-based Force One Pro Wrestling promotion and school.
A student of the ROH Wrestling Academy, Titus has been competing for Ring of Honor, as well as various independent promotions, since 2006.
John Hodger Laurinaitis, also known as Johnny Ace, is an American senior producer and retired professional wrestler, currently employed by WWE.
She trained in the WWF's developmental territories for three years before being moved to the main roster to compete full-time under the ring name Victoria.
He is best known for his work in Chikara, All American Wrestling, Combat Zone Wrestling, Independent Wrestling Association Mid-South, Pro Wrestling Guerrilla, and Ring of Honor.
A mainstay of NWA Mid-America, he served as a mentor to Jerry "The King" Lawler and The Fabulous Ones, among other wrestlers in the Memphis area.
Nemeth signed a development contract with WWE in 2004, and was sent to Ohio Valley Wrestling.
He once wrestled a match that lasted over seven hours.
On two occasions, first in 2014 and again in 2016, they held the ROH World, PWG World, and IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championships simultaneously.
Arthur Anoaʻi Sr. is a Samoan American retired professional wrestler and professional wrestling manager.
Hiroyuki Saito is a professional wrestler best known by the shortened name of Hiro Saito.
In the 1990s, Yamada wrestled for the All Japan Women's Pro-Wrestling promotion.
Sandow died on September 15, 1972, at age 88.
He died of a gunshot while cleaning a rifle in 1984.
Muñeco's brothers wrestle or have wrestled as Sanguianrio, Jr. and Sanguinario, Jr. III, while a third brother wrestles as "Super Muñeco, Jr.".
The two are former IWGP, GHC and NWA World Tag Team Champions.
Brittany Christine Fetkin is an American model, actress, and retired professional wrestler.
Pozos was imprisoned in June 2011 for assaulting two police officers and in August 2013 sentenced to seven years and four months.
Melissa Anne Grill Petersen, also known by her ring name Spice, is a former member of World Championship Wrestling's Nitro Girls dance team.
He was most famous in the Georgia territory during the late 1960s and early '70s.
He is also a regular for New Japan Pro Wrestling.
Shannon Claire Spruill is an American professional wrestler and valet, better known by her ring name, Daffney.
He was inducted into the WWF Hall of Fame in 1996.
However, the second time, in 1968, Vesper won a gold medal in the Greco-Roman wrestling event.
His brother works as El Solar II and his son has been wrestling as El Hijo del Solar since 2008.
Boris holds dual citizenship in the United States and Bulgaria, but chose to compete for his birth country.
He was the oldest son of Salvador "Gory" Guerrero, and part of the Guerrero wrestling family.
DeMott also performed as Crash the Terminator in both Extreme Championship Wrestling and Japan.
She was active from the late 1960s through the 1980s.
He retired from wrestling in 2015 due to health issues stemming from wrestling.
He is the son of wrestler Jim "The Sandman" Fullington and valet Lori "Peaches" Fullington.
Reso was trained by former professional wrestlers Ron Hutchison and Dory Funk Jr., and made his wrestling debut in May 1992.
He has previously worked for All Japan Pro Wrestling.
Jayson Anthony Paul, better known by the ring name JTG, is an American professional wrestler and author who is best known for his time in WWE.
Markoff is most famous for his work in tag teams, especially his days as one-half of the team the Devil's Duo with Angelo Poffo.
Shingo Takagi is a former Japanese bodybuilder turned professional wrestler also known simply as Shingo.
Competing for Bulgaria in the 65 kg division he won a bronze medal at the 2014 European Championships.
He is also known for his appearances with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling from 2005 to 2009.
Shannon Hall-Trujillo is an American boxer, bodybuilder, professional wrestler, Toughwoman competitor.
Rolland "Red" Bastien was an American professional wrestler.
She is currently signed with World Wonder Ring Stardom under the ring name Rebel.
Steve Zygowicz, better known by his ring name of Steve Stanlee, was an American professional wrestler from the late 1940s through the 1960s.
Shanon Sexton, better known by her stage name Susan Sexton, is a former professional wrestler.
He is a former three-time GHC Heavyweight Champion and one-time ROH World Champion.
He also briefly wrestled on WWE's main roster from 2010 to 2011, most notably as a member of The Nexus.
He is best known by his ring name Erick Stevens and for his time Ring of Honor.
Todd Bradford is an American retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Todd Champion.
He is currently signed to WWE, where he works backstage as an agent/producer.
He received 651 votes, losing the election to incumbent Justin Rodriguez(current Texas State Representative D125) who received 7,381 votes.
William Matthew "Bill" Sierra is an American former professional wrestling referee and manager better known by his ring name Bill Alfonso.
He later picked up a sidekick, Rosey, and they won the World Tag Team Championship together.
He is the youngest wrestler to win the NWA British Commonwealth Heavyweight Championship.
Robert Alexis "Bob" Nihon was a Canadian businessman, one of the heirs of the Nihon family fortune and former wrestler.
David "Davey Boy" Smith was a British professional wrestler.
He was also a member of The Young, Rich & Ready with Chasyn Rance and Kenny King.
James Edward Barnett was an American professional wrestling promoter, and owner of Georgia Championship Wrestling and Australia's World Championship Wrestling.
Masaaki Mochizuki is a former FIP World Champion and two-time Open the Dream Gate Champion.
He died in Tampa, Florida, having outlived Babe by 28 years.
Jesús Luna Pozos is a Mexican luchador who is best known in under the ring name Charly Manson.
He later joined the World Wrestling Federation, where he teamed with Mr. Fuji to hold the World Tag Team Championship twice.
Dar is the first Israeli wrestler to compete in the WWE.
Mohamed Khadem Khorasani Azgadhi is a retired Iranian featherweight freestyle wrestler.
He headlined multiple pay-per-view events throughout his career.
Although suspended for a short time by the Indiana State Athletic Commission for his stand, shortly afterwards professional boxing desegregated.
He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by his sons in 2015.
He also conducts haunted "ghost tours" in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
Porter interviewed varying levels of talent from independent stars to members of the WWE Hall of Fame.
Corbin is also the winner of the third annual André the Giant Memorial Battle Royal at WrestleMania 32.
He got the nickname "Crybaby" from his ability to wipe sweat from his face, making it look as though he were weeping.
The Young Bucks are an American professional wrestling tag team, consisting of real life brothers Matthew and Nicholas Massie from Southern California.
His ring name is a reference to the Blue Meanies, creatures from the 1968 animated film Yellow Submarine.
He is frequently cited as one of the greatest and most revolutionary junior heavyweights of all time.
He currently appears on the Raw brand.
In 2012 Tuft co-founded a marketing company called Local Marketing 2.0.
She is best known for her appearances with NWA:TNA from 2002 to 2003.
better known by his ring name, "The Number One Frenchman" Rene Goulet.
He is the son of retired professional wrestler Ricardo Fuentes and brother of Rolando Romero.
He is the son of former Major League Baseball manager Jeff Torborg.
After his retirement he became a successful artist.
In the late 1970s and early 1980s, he achieved his biggest success as one half of the tag team The High Flyers with Jim Brunzell.
A.W.O.L., as well as his appearances with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling in 2002 and 2003 as Malice.
He was often paired with fellow AWA jobber Jake "The Milkman" Milliman in tag team matches.
He has worked for the World Wrestling Council, the International Wrestling Association and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling as both a referee and wrestler.
From 2013 to 2016, Tanaka worked for Wrestle-1.
Cynthia Lynch is an American professional wrestler.
He won a bronze medal at the 2014 Asian Games.
His son Felipe de Jesús Alvarado Mendoza currently works as La Máscara for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre.
He was the only WEC Super Heavyweight Champion.
Lizmark Jr. works as a Rudo and has been a part of the Los Perros del Mal stable.
Per the tradition of masked wrestlers in Mexico, Super's real name and identity have not yet been revealed.
According to the storyline Nagasaki was a Japanese Samurai with a mysterious past and reputed powers of healing and hypnosis.
Rudolf Vesper is a former Olympic wrestler for East Germany.
Standing only 5'8", Berry had to find creative ways to win his matches, which is why he oftentimes turned to rule breaking.
Stephen "Steve" Casey was an Irish sport rower and world champion professional wrestler.
Kenneth Johnson is a retired American professional wrestling manager, better known by his ring name, Slick.
He was active from 1929 until 1970.
Abbas Dabbaghi is a male freestyle wrestler from Iran.
Terry Ray Gordy was an American professional wrestler.
At least three wrestlers have wrestled under the name "Mascarita Sagrada."
The injury ended his Olympic plans, and he went into professional wrestling soon after.
Kota Ibushi is a Japanese martial artist and professional wrestler.
Trosky also was the stuntman in the Coke Zero Super Bowl XLIII Commercial that was a spoof of the 1979 Mean Joe Greene Coca-Cola commercial.
Tatsutoshi Goto is a Japanese professional wrestler.
Michael Lee Alfonso was an American professional wrestler.
He is currently working under the ring name Evil.
She was trained by Gangrel and is currently working on the independent wrestling scene, most notably for Lucha VaVOOM and Global Force Wrestling.
In WWF/WWE, Michaels headlined major pay-per-view events between 1989 and 2010, closing the company's flagship annual event, WrestleMania, five times.
On his return to CMLL he was one of the founding members of a stable known as La Peste Negra.
Cancio is a former Mexican National Welterweight Champion.
He later cut his hair short and changed his pants color to black and red to resemble his teammates on the stable Brave.
His ring name is the Latin word for Silver.
Jean-Louis Cormier was a Canadian professional wrestler, best known by his ring name Rudy Kay.
He is the son of Duke Keomuka.
Johnny Rodriguez is an American retired professional wrestler.
Genaro Vazquez Nevarez is a Mexican professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Blue Panther.
He would later form a tag team with Nikolai Volkoff, with whom he won the WWF Tag Team Championship at the inaugural WrestleMania event.
Joseph Nicholas "Nick" Patrick Hamilton Jr., better known by his ring name Nick Patrick, is a retired American professional wrestling referee.
WWE Hall of Famer Bret Hart has said of Fujinami: "I always wanted to be the great wrestler that Tatsumi Fujinami was."
He is best known for his work in World Wrestling Entertainment, Extreme Championship Wrestling, and World Championship Wrestling.
In October 2011, Savinovich left WWE and Rodríguez became a full-time Spanish commentator for all programs and PPV events.
Kellum is also an occasional television and film actor, having cameoed on several episodes of the television series One Tree Hill.
She used the names Kimona Wanaleya in ECW and Leia Meow in WCW.
While in the WWF, she became the first of four women to win the company's Hardcore Championship.
Osamu Nishimura is a Japanese professional wrestler currently working for All Japan Pro Wrestling as a freelancer.
He also became a three-time WWF Hardcore Champion.
In 2012, Hogan signed on to appear on Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, alongside her father.
Blue Demon Jr. is a Mexican luchador and professional wrestler.
For years, he competed as Mr. X, a masked wrestler while also working as a referee.
Johnny Weiss is an American retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Johnny Hotbody.
In 2012, he became the Asian Champion, but at the 2012 Summer Olympics, he ranked eighth.
Greg Marasciulo is an American professional wrestler, currently working for New Japan Pro Wrestling and Ring of Honor under the ring name Beretta.
He was runner-up in 1999, 2001, and 2002.
Canty was responsible for training New Jack for his professional wrestling career.
Keibler is considered to be a sex symbol and is known for her unusually long legs.
Bearcat Wright defeated Killer Kowalski in April 1961 to win the Big Time Pro Wrestling title and become, in effect, the world heavyweight wrestling champion."
In her later career, Kai returned briefly to the WWF in 1994, challenging for the Women's Championship at WrestleMania X.
Prior to signing with WWE, she was best known for hosting and being a panelist on Maria Menounos' online network AfterBuzz TV.
He worked for promotions in both Canada and the United States, particularly in Ontario, California, Minneapolis, Texas, Georgia, and Oklahoma.
Human Tornado is a former two-time PWG World Champion and one-time PWG World Tag Team Champion.
Candice Michelle Beckman Ehrlich better known as Candice Michelle is an American model, actress, and professional wrestler, best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment.
Mr. Niebla is mostly known for working for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre from the early 1990s until 2007 and again from 2008.
She has also made brief appearances for Ring of Honor and wrestled for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring name Alexa Jade.
Travis David Tomko is an American personal trainer and former professional wrestler, and current co-owner of Pūrlife Fitness Center in Delray Beach, Florida.
Prior to finding singles success, Smith achieved stardom as one half of The British Bulldogs tag team, alongside the Dynamite Kid.
Les Kellett was a British professional wrestler who rose to prominence due to the popularity of televised wrestling in the 1960s and 1970s.
Genaro Jacobo Contreras is a semi-retired Mexican professional wrestler, or Luchador in Spanish, and is a professional wrestling trainer for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre.
Hayner made his WCW debut in 1996 and mainly competed as a fan favorite underdog.
In particular, he found his greatest success in Championship Wrestling from Florida and Pacific Northwest Wrestling, the latter near his hometown of Vancouver, Washington.
He is the son of professional wrestler George Harris.
Remus legitimately enlisted in the United States Marine Corps, and was a drill instructor at Parris Island, South Carolina, prior to his professional wrestling career.
"Pegaso I" redirects here, for the wrestler currently using the name see Pegasso
Rey González is a Puerto Rican professional wrestler best known by his ring name Ray González Jr..
He is the winner of the 2017 André the Giant Memorial Trophy after winning the titular Battle Royal match at WrestleMania 33.
He suffered a life-threatening spinal injury in June 2015.
She was the final original WWE Women's Champion until the title was deactivated in 2010.
His mother was born in Canada, which grants him Canadian citizenship.
For much of the early 1950s and '60s, Lindsay was billed as the U.S.
He was previously signed to WWE, where he wrestled in their developmental territories Florida Championship Wrestling and NXT under the ring name CJ Parker.
He was introduced to Lucha Underground at the end of season two and has worked for various Japanese promotions, most notably for New Japan Pro Wrestling.
He competed at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games where he won the bronze medal in the men's lightweight grade.
Gilberto Meléndez was a Puerto Rican professional wrestler better known under the ring name Gypsy Joe.
He was honoured with a statue in a museum in Orenburg, Russia.
Colón is a former United States Champion and Intercontinental Champion and has been part of both the Raw and SmackDown brands.
Abdel Aal Ahmed Rashed, also known as Abdel Aal Rashed was a Featherweight in the wrestling Egyptian team at the Summer Olympics of 1952 in Helsinki.
He competed primarily in WAR and New Japan Pro Wrestling using the name "T2000 Machine".
The scars are so deep that, according to Mick Foley, Shreve is able to put gambling chips into them.
Nakamura is the youngest IWGP Heavyweight Champion in history, having won the title for the first time at the age of 23 years and 9 months.
He is best known for his participation in the Winter Olympics in 1994 and 1998, where he represented the United States' bobsleigh team.
Cindy Rogers is an American retired professional wrestler.
She is known for her work in Hustle.
as Leticia Cline  or Leticia Cline Michaels  is an American model.
She has worked for both Ohio Valley Wrestling and Women's Extreme Wrestling.
Lloyd is the first and only wrestler to have won championships in WWE, TNA, GFW, and Lucha Underground.
Stock began her career in Canada and moved back and forth across the country, working for various promotions, facing both male and female wrestlers.
He is a three time world champion having held the IWC World Heavyweight, the IWC World Hardcore, and the IWL World Heavyweight championships all once.
On November 19, 2009 it was announced that Flash was changing his ring name to Fuego from that point forward.
He was Britain's first heavyweight all-in wrestling champion, and held the title from 1930 to 1935.
She is best known for her work in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, where she worked as Alissa Flash and Raisha Saeed.
Vega currently works in law enforcement as a Police Officer.
He later joined the United States Army, where he continued to wrestle.
Mendoza wrestled his last match in 2011.
The following August, again working as Nigel McGuinness, he returned to ROH to work as a color commentator.
Gabriel Allan Tuft is an American professional wrestler.
Michael "Mike" Mayo Jr. is an American professional wrestler, better known under his ring name Mike Kruel.
She is better known for her work in the World Wrestling Federation under her ring name The Kat.
Jerry Blackwell was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name "Crusher" Jerry Blackwell.
As Damien Demento, Theis wrestled in the main event of the first episode of WWF Monday Night Raw on January 11, 1993, losing to The Undertaker.
In 1994, she made her way to the World Wrestling Federation, where she had feuded with Alundra Blayze over the WWF Women's Championship.
She is also the founder of the joshi promotion NEO Japan Ladies Pro Wrestling.
Only his paternal surname is a matter of public record, Aguilar Leos, as his brother's real name, Juan Aguilar Leos, is publicly known.
They produced and co-hosted WTLK TV-14 infomercial "Shoppers' Showcase" and, in 2000, began hosting Pro Wrestling this Week on FOX Sports Radio.
After signing with WWE, Anderson made his debut on the SmackDown!
Hiromu Takahashi is a Japanese professional wrestler.
For most of his career, Harris wrestled under the ring name Kamala, using a "wild savage" gimmick.
Although the Volkoff on-screen character was often portrayed as a villainous Russian, Peruzović actually originates from Croatia and has a mixed background.
Audie Leon Hager was an American professional wrestler, best known by his ring names Danny Fargo and Dan Greer.
Costello officially retired from wrestling in 1983 but still made a few brief returns to the ring after that.
Perfect" Hennig, and is best known for his work in the American Wrestling Association, National Wrestling Alliance and World Wide Wrestling Federation.
Ric Blade is an American former professional wrestler.
Claude Patterson is an American retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Thunderbolt Patterson.
Kevin Wacholz is a former professional wrestler who worked for the World Wrestling Federation in 1992 as Nailz.
In 2002, Jarrett and his father founded Global Force Wrestling.
Five days before Martin Luther King, Jr. delivered his famous "I have a dream" speech, Wright won the WWA World Heavyweight Championship from "Classy" Freddie Blassie.
He played a major role in blockading the Honoré Mercier Bridge during the 1990 Oka Crisis.
Yoshiyuki Saito is a Japanese professional wrestler best known by his ring name Super Shisa, currently wrestling for Dragon Gate.
He also played for the Cleveland Browns and Kansas City Chiefs.
King Bailey Parsons Jr. is a former professional wrestler better known by his ring name Iceman King Parsons.
He returned to OVW in 2007, before being moved to the Florida Championship Wrestling territory in September.
He has worked on the United Kingdom's independent circuit.
Scott K. Irwin was an American professional wrestler.
Haas was an amateur wrestler in high school, and attended Seton Hall University on a wrestling scholarship, before becoming a stockbroker.
He was training for the Olympics in 2004, when he suffered a knee injury while doing business at a bank where a robbery broke out.
In the repechage round, he was beaten by Turkish Sezar Akgul.
After a short stint in Jersey All Pro Wrestling and other independent promotions, Haas was re-signed to WWE in April 2006.
After leaving WWE, Prichard was the Senior Vice President of Programming and Talent Relations for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Marvin Lambert was an American professional wrestler best known by his ring name Brain Damage.
In April 2008 she made her WWE singles debut and parted ways with Deuce and Domino the following month.
He is best known for his tenure in Chikara, where he was a one time Young Lions Cup Champion.
(Kenichi Sakai, is a Japanese professional wrestler in the Michinoku Pro Wrestling promotion known by his ring name Ken45°.
Harrison was awarded the championship in preparation for a storyline "XWF Invasion" of Puerto Rico's World Wrestling Council promotion.
There, he continued as a manager until late 1991, when he became a wrestler.
At the age of 17, she was the youngest participant in the 1999 IFBB Arnold Classic Contest.
At the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Ashkani qualified for his second Iranian squad, as a 25-year-old, in the men's 60 kg class.
She is also a former AAA Reina de Reinas Champion.
Christy and his wife both retired from the ring in 1990.
He competed for Senegal at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the 57 kg division.
Jesús Eugenio Rodríguez Garzon is a retired male wrestler from Cuba, who competed in the freestyle competition during his career.
He has served as one of the main trainers for CMLL's wrestling school, having had a hand in training hundreds of students over the years.
After his wrestling career, he was a Dean of Physical Education at the University of Ferdowsi, [Mashhad, Iran].
Later Rougeau began a singles career where he wrestled as The Mountie, winning the WWF Intercontinental Heavyweight Championship once.
He is perhaps best known for his time in World Championship Wrestling.
He has also wrestled as "Hombre sin Nombre" and "Pegasso Xtreme".
He competed at the 1920 and 1924 Summer Olympics.
He occasionally works for the WWE, while never being under contract.
Jado and Gedo are co-head bookers of NJPW.
He is known mainly in Monterrey City for wrestling against various local celebrities.
Robert "Bob" Shoup, better known by his ring name The Pink Assassin, is an American retired professional wrestler and manager.
Dabbaghi won a bronze medal at the Asian Championship in Bishkek in 2007.
David Canal is a Cuban professional wrestler better known by his ring name "The Cuban Assassin" Fidel Sierra.
Ariel Ramos Wilson is a retired male wrestler from Cuba, who competed in the freestyle competition during his career.
Shawna Elizabeth is an American professional wrestler, manager and valet, known by her ring name Vyper.
Mahabali Shera's TNA theme starts with a plane crashing.
Randy Rose is a retired professional wrestler.
He is a former PWG World Tag Team Champion and winner of the 2008 Dynamite Duumvirate Tag Team Title Tournament.
He also appeared in World Wrestling Entertainment as Ryan Braddock in 2008.
He has also spent an extended amount of time with the American promotions Ring of Honor and Full Impact Pro.
Marconi was a major star in Pennsylvania-based Pro Wrestling eXpress and Steel City Wrestling during the mid-to late 1990s.
During his WWF/WWE career, Garland held the WWF World Tag Team Championship, WWE Tag Team Championship and WWF Light Heavyweight Championship.
Pentagón Jr. also known as Pentagón Dark and currently Penta el 0M or Penta el Zero M is a Mexican luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler.
His son is also a retired professional wrestler, who worked primarily in Puerto Rico.
Pelham is also known for his appearances on the independent circuit in the Northeastern United States as Max Bauer.
She regularly teamed with fellow Canadian wrestler the now retired Portia Perez as the Canadian NINJAs, and the pair former two-time Shimmer Tag Team Champions.
He is a one time former National Wrestling Alliance World Heavyweight Champion.
Pavone debuted in 2001 using the name Chris Cage.
Victor "Vic" Grimes is an American professional wrestler.
Abdevali also won the 2010 Asian Games and won the World Cup in 2010 and 2011.
He was best known for his appearances with World Championship Wrestling from 1999 to 2001 under the ring names The Wall and Sgt.
He went on to coach football at Albion College.
Crazy Boy is the first cousin of Super Crazy.
He wrestled the last match of his career two months before his death in January 2008 in Guadalajara, Mexico.
An amateur from 1953, he turned professional after the 1958 Commonwealth Games in Cardiff.
During his career he held both the World Light Heavyweight Championship twice and the Pacific Coast Light Heavyweight Championship, both while working as "Grey Mask".
David "Dave" Hebner is an American professional wrestling authority figure, promoter, road agent, and referee.
He is the son of Carlos Colón Sr. and the younger brother of wrestlers Stacy and Carly Colón, better known as Carlito in WWE.
Flying Fred Curry is noted as one of the greatest highflyers and dropkickers of all time.
Eric Koenreich is an American former professional wrestler.
James Howard Gibson is an American semi-retired professional wrestler, better known by the ring name, Jamie Noble.
He dropped the superhero gimmick in 2005, and began wrestling under his real name.
She continues to be considered a major popular culture icon.
Andrade made his professional wrestling debut a month before his 14th birthday and worked initially as Brillante Jr.
Florian Skilang Temengil is a Palauan wrestler at Newman University in Wichita, Kansas.
He was one of the promotion's all-time great heels, known for his wild style and intense interviews.
He later won the Hardcore Championship eight times before departing in 2003.
John Walter da Silva QSM is a former New Zealand wrestler and boxer.
After leaving MNM, she became John "Bradshaw" Layfield's "image consultant", and managed him to the WWE United States Championship at WrestleMania 22.
Manabu Nakanishi is a Japanese professional wrestler and former amateur wrestler who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.
In April 2, 2016, Moore was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame.
For his last 14 years he had lived in Hayward, California.
At one time, Rizzono was also a bouncer and a personal trainer.
In Pittsburgh's Steel City Wrestling, he held the promotion's junior heavyweight championship for over three years before his defeat by Reckless Youth in 1998.
He is known for his feuds with Skandor Akbar and his army, eventually winning control of World Class from Akbar and changing the name to USWA.
He currently works for Dotonbori Pro Wrestling and has also worked for Kaientai Dojo and Osaka Pro Wrestling in Japan.
He wrestled in Mid-Atlantic Championship Wrestling, where he appeared on the first Starrcade.
Javadi was born in Qazvin, but spent a few of his early years in Tehran, where his father worked for the Ministry of Labor.
He is signed by WWE, on the SmackDown brand under the ring name Konnor as part of the tag team The Ascension.
Maxine also recorded country and western albums, backed by Fairport Convention.
He went on to play for the New England Patriots, St. Louis Rams, and Indianapolis Colts.
Kara Elizabeth Drew is an American retired professional wrestler and valet best known under the ring name, Cherry.
She is best known from MTV's Wrestling Society X.
He achieved fame on the regional and independent circuits, as well as World Championship Wrestling, as Dutch Mantel.
Additionally, she and Edge became the first real-life couple to both be inducted.
Craig Renney is a Canadian professional wrestler best known by his ring name, Juggernaut.
At The Great American Bash in 2008, McCool became the inaugural WWE Divas Champion, holding the title for approximately five months.
Salvador Cuevas Ramírez was a Mexican Luchador, or professional wrestler, known under the ring name El Supremo.
Crazy Boy is a Mexican professional wrestler who is best known in Lucha Libre.
Abyss is the heaviest wrestler to hold the X Division Championship.
Rolando Hernández Verástegui was a Mexican professional wrestler and wrestling trainer, better known as Rolando Vera.
He is also a former road agent for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Anthony F. "Tony" DeVito is an American semi-retired professional wrestler.
Dawn Marie Psaltis is an American actress, retired professional wrestler and professional wrestling valet.
For other individuals named Tim Brooks, see: Tim Brooks.
In the WWF, he is a one-time WWF Intercontinental Champion, a one-time WWF Tag Team Champion and the 1998 King of the Ring.
He continued to defend the belt for another year.
He is signed with WWE working in their Legends program.
In 2006, Mizanin became host of the annual WWE Diva Search competition and began wrestling on the main roster.
Carl Dennis Campbell, Sr. was an American professional wrestler better known by his ring name Luke "Big Boy" Brown.
His best-remembered film role was that of Fezzik, the giant in The Princess Bride.
Rodman played at the small forward position in his early years before becoming a power forward.
He performed primarily on the American independent circuit, but also competed in Canada, Mexico, Japan and Europe.
Dean Higuchi is an American retired bodybuilder and professional wrestler, known by his ring name, Dean Ho.
He also became a two-time World Television Champion and a three-time World Tag Team Champion in ECW.
Vachon started his career as an amateur wrestler, participating in the 1948 Summer Olympics and winning a gold medal at the 1950 British Empire Games.
He has also won WCW's 1996 World War 3 60-man battle royal and the 30-man André the Giant Memorial Battle Royal at WrestleMania 31.
As part of Roppongi Vice alongside Rocky Romero, Beretta is a former four-time IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Champion.
Kenneth Rinehurst is an American professional wrestler and manager, better known by his ring name, Jack Victory.
He won the Fusion Pro Tag Team Championship with his brother Mike DiBiase in February 2007, and also toured Japan with Pro Wrestling Noah.
This success followed his junior career, where he won the World Championship in 2008 and 2009 and was the Asian junior champion in 2008.
He was one of only a few Australian wrestlers to work in Mexico.
Joe Eubanks is an American professional wrestler best known by the ring name Lobo.
Taku Iwasa is a Japanese professional wrestler best known for his work in Dragon Gate.
Vesper also competed for East Germany in the FILA Wrestling World Championships.
The wrestler currently known as Ephesto made his debut in 1982 and worked for almost 20 years as Pantera del Ring with limited success.
Edward Lynn "Len" Denton is an American semi-retired professional wrestler, best known by his ring name The Grappler.
As the wife of Booker T she is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment as Queen Sharmell until her release in 2007.
He is credited with the invention of the Texas cloverleaf submission hold and runs the Funking Conservatory, a professional wrestling school.
Jonathan Whitcombe is an English professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Jonny Storm.
Geigel ran the NWA Central States promotion between 1963 and 1986, until it was bought out by Jim Crockett Promotions.
Katsushi Takemura is a Japanese retired professional wrestler, mostly known for his ring name Takemura.
He also had stints in Pacific Northwest Wrestling and Pro Wrestling America, winning the tag team championships in both promotions.
In 2016, Sting was inducted into the Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame.
All three men were killed; the driver of the tow truck was unharmed.
Ibarra has been part of The Black Family since it was formed, but left the stable in October 2010.
In WWF/E, he is a three-time Intercontinental Champion, a nine-time Hardcore Champion, a one-time World Tag Team Champion, and a two-time WWE Tag Team Champion.
He continues to train and compete and on 12 April 2014 he qualified for the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Scotland.
He is also known as Reggie Siki, the name of a pro wrestler in the early-to-mid 20th century.
In OVW, he won the Southern Tag Team Championship four times and the Heavyweight Championship once.
Brian Westcott, wrestling historian and writer, has called Pedicino one of his all-time favorite play-by-play/color commentators.
Lawrence "Larry" J. Simon, better known by the ring name, Boris Malenko, was an American professional wrestler and professional wrestling trainer.
Hiroto Wakita is a Japanese professional wrestler who currently runs Kaisen Puroresu and is also working as a wrestler there.
Upon his first appearance, 1963, in Helsingborg, he came in second in the Greco-Roman event.
He was active as a professional wrestler from 1953 until 1969 before becoming a manager until 1995.
Marty Jones is a retired English professional wrestler best known for his work in Joint Promotions and All Star Wrestling throughout the 1980s and 1990s.
He lost his first two bouts and was eliminated.
He is known for his amateur wrestling background, which became the focal point of his gimmick.
He is the father of professional wrestler Kelly Kiniski and international amateur/professional wrestler Nick Kiniski.
During this period, he was the predominant holder of the Mountevans World Mid Heavyweight title.
He is the fourth longest-reigning IWGP Heavyweight Champion with a reign of 392 days.
He is currently signed to WWE, where he performs on the SmackDown brand.
He was partnered with Tennessee promoter Roy Welch for decades.
Stewart Edward Hart, CM was a Canadian football player, amateur wrestler, sailor, professional wrestler, wrestling booker, promoter, coach and trainer.
Paul R. Perschmann was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, "Playboy" Buddy Rose.
His previous roles included being a columnist for the Baltimore Sun publication/blog and as an analyst for Rogers TV and host for YES Network.
It has been claimed that Zass was a spy and secret agent working for Russian military intelligence, using his circus travelling as cover.
He competed for the United Arab Republic at the 1960 Summer Olympics and won a bronze medal.
Maestro Arturo Toscanini, a professional wrestling fan, was good friends with Rocca.
Sharmell Sullivan-Huffman is an American retired professional wrestling valet and professional wrestler.
Luc Poirier is a retired Canadian professional wrestler, better known under the name Rambo.
Prior to joining WWE in 1992, he wrestled in numerous territories, winning 168 championships throughout his career.
She was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and once held the WWF Women's Tag Team Championship.
Marty Lurie, is a professional wrestling manager and commentator better known by his stage name C. Edward Vander Pyle or Mr. Vander Pyle.
As Sable, she was one of the first WWE Divas and gained considerable popularity.
They are signed to both New Japan Pro Wrestling and Ring of Honor, while also working for various American independent promotions, most notably Pro Wrestling Guerrilla.
Known as 3-Minute Warning, they were utilized as enforcers for then-General Manager Eric Bischoff.
He is a former two-time AIW Absolute Champion and holder of the Young Lions Cup.
Christos Theofilou or Christopher Theophelus, better known as "The Golden Greek" Jim Londos, was a Greek American professional wrestler.
He is a former one-time Open the Brave Gate Champion and three-time Open the Triangle Gate Champion
In New Japan he is a former three-time NEVER Openweight Champion, one-time IWGP Tag Team Champion and the winner of the 2017 New Japan Cup.
Credited with breaking down barriers of racial segregation in professional wrestling, Harris is considered one of the first successful African American professional wrestlers.
He is considered to be one of the best wrestlers of his generation.
His nephew works for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre as Oro, Jr. as an homage to his uncle.
John Lagey, better known by his ring name Johnny Kwango, was an English professional wrestler.
William Posada is an American independent professional wrestler best known under the ring name Joker.
Smothers now hosts a podcast titled "School of Smothers" on the Homers Radio Network
She also performed briefly for the World Wrestling Federation as Muffy, the on-screen personal trainer of Stephanie McMahon-Helmsley as part of the McMahon-Helmsley Faction.
One of Shreve's trademarks is a series of divot-like scars on his head that he has due to excessive use of blading during his career.
The teams feuded for two years, during which time The Stomper continually tried to get revenge by attacking Cannon.
He was best known for wrestling in the United Kingdom since the 1980s.
In 2001, Kashmere dropped out of Philadelphia University to begin his Japan Tours for Big Japan Pro Wrestling.
José Angel García Paz is a Mexican Luchador, or professional wrestler, best known under the ring name Zumbido.
He formed Impact Players with Lance Storm in 1999 and the duo won the World Tag Team Championship twice in 2000.
He competed in Southeastern regional promotions and the National Wrestling Alliance during the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s.
The inaugural WWF Intercontinental Champion and creator of the Royal Rumble match, Patterson was inducted into the WWF Hall of Fame in 1996.
He made a failed run for mayor of Romeoville, Illinois in 2013.
In 2012 he also started working as an assistant wrestling coach at the University of Illinois in Champaign.
At the next British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Vancouver he won the bronze medal in the same event.
He is the current NWA World Historic Light Heavyweight Champion.
Anthony "Tony" Matteo is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, "Hitman" Tony Stetson.
Both memoirs were re-released as e-books for the Kindle in May 2010.
Harold Watanabe was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Tojo Yamamoto.
Hayes and for his role as an announcer under the name Dok Hendrix in the World Wrestling Federation.
He is perhaps best known for his tenure with World Wrestling Entertainment.
After having suffered a stroke in november 2008 Salgado retired from wrestling.
In the quarter final Medrano lost with Kazakh Tatyana Bakatyuk.
He was part of The Kliq, a group of wrestlers known for their influence on WWF storylines in the mid-1990s.
Kevin Yanick Steen is a Canadian professional wrestler.
Alvarado is a founding member of Los Ingobernables along with Rush and La Sombra.
One of the 200 finalists selected for the first season of WWE Tough Enough, Trosky made several appearances for World Wrestling Entertainment.
From 2003 until 2011, Taylor was the Director of Talent Relations in Total Nonstop Action.
Rotunda is a third generation professional wrestler; his grandfather Blackjack Mulligan, father Mike Rotunda and uncles Barry and Kendall Windham were all professional wrestlers.
Born in Ballydehob, County Cork, Ireland, O'Mahony would find success as a wrestler becoming the National Wrestling Association's World Heavyweight Champion at one point.
Larry Stephens was a professional wrestler in the NWA's Jim Crockett Promotions.
In 1973 he adopted the ring name El Canek, a name inspired by the Mayan Indian leader Jacinto Canek, that he has used ever since.
Championships held by Holly over the course of his career include the WWF/E World Tag Team Championship, NWA World Tag Team Championship, and WWF/E Hardcore Championship.
Richard "Rick" Fuller is an American professional wrestler.
There he was defeated in the final round by Les Gutches from the United States.
Filiberto Azcuy Aguilera is a Cuban wrestler who has won two Olympic gold medals.
Roberto González Cruz was a Mexican professional wrestler who wrestled under the name El Solitario.
She also competes as a member of the all-female promotion Shimmer Women Athletes.
Martin Anthony Lunde, better known by his ring name Arn Anderson, is an American road agent and retired professional wrestler and author.
In both companies, he utilized the nickname "The Alpha Male".
In 2013, he won the bronze medal at the Universiade.
Tracy Stanton Smothers is an American professional wrestler.
Edward George Farhat was an American professional wrestler best known by his ring name The Sheik.
He was placed by a random draw into a three-man preliminary pool against his formidable opponent Abas and Moldova's Ghenadie Tulbea.
Michael John Gilbert is an English professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Mikey Whiplash.
Juan Baños was a Mexican luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler better known by the ring name Lizmark.
Todd Clark Pettengill is a radio disc jockey for WPLJ 95.5 in the New York area.
Michael Rapada best known as "The Colorado Kid" Mike Rapada is an American professional wrestler.
He was characterized by his crazy antics inside the ring and out.
In April 2010, Jetta announced after a match in her home town that she would be retiring from wrestling in June of that year.
He won the gold medal in the Men's Greco-Roman 96 kg at the 2004 Summer Olympics, and won the silver medal at the 2003 World Championships.
He works for New Japan Pro Wrestling.
He also owns and books Border City Wrestling and Prime Time Wrestling.
He is best known for his appearances with the World Wrestling Federation and World Championship Wrestling between 1986 and 1992.
He is currently a member of the stable: The New Age Kliq alongside Chris Renfrew.
Marufuji is a former three-time GHC Heavyweight Champion, as well as the only man to win Junior Heavyweight Championships in all three major Japanese promotions.
Eve Torres Gracie is an American actress, Brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioner instructor, event manager, former professional wrestler, dancer and model.
He left AAA in October 2015, after which he adopted the new ring name Carístico.
Roger Barnes is a Canadian retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Ron "Ronnie" Garvin.
He is the only wrestler to have held the Triple Crown Heavyweight Championship, the World Tag Team Championship and the World Junior Heavyweight Championship.
Kenneth George Doane Jr. is an American professional wrestler.
This, and his use of social networking websites, helped him in establishing a fan following and a bigger television role with WWE as a result.
He is best known for his appearances with World Championship Wrestling from 1991 to 2001, where he was a five-time World Tag Team Champion.
McRonald Kamaka was an American-Canadian professional wrestler known by the ring name Tor Kamata.
He helped the Chargers to four AFL championship games in five years, winning the championship with the team in 1963.
Additionally, Bentley utilizes Michaels' signature superkick maneuver as his own finisher.
He worked for TNA from 2004 to 2005, challenging for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship in the main event of Destination X 2005.
He is best known for his time in Ring of Honor.
An amateur martial artist, Shreve also has knowledge of judo and karate, often including this knowledge in his wrestling matches.
His original ring character, Flash, was inspired by the comic book character The Flash.
During his time in WWE, Carelli won the Intercontinental Championship in his debut.
One of the first African American wrestlers to become a major star, he was extremely popular in the Pacific Northwest and Mid-Atlantic territory.
Akihisa Mera, better known as The Great Kabuki, is a Japanese professional wrestler.
Rosângela Conceição is a wrestler from Brazil.
As an African American wrestler, he was not permitted to wrestle against caucasians in some territories, thus he also worked as a referee.
Collaborating with Cyndi Lauper, Albano helped usher in wrestling's crossover success with a mainstream audience.
He is known for his feud with the Kodokan judo school.
Kōji Kanemoto is a Japanese professional wrestler of Zainichi Korean descent.
Martinez entered professional wrestling in December 2000.
After Russ' death in 2001 due to a heart attack, Haas began wrestling in singles competition, winning the HWA Heavyweight Championship once.
The duo won the NWA Florida Tag Team Championship in 1986 and worked story lines with both the Rock 'n' Roll Express and Midnight Express
He has also briefly appeared in the X Wrestling Federation and World Wrestling Entertainment.
Sullivan-Huffman performed for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring name Sharmell from 2007 until leaving the company in 2009.
Ventura also hosts "The world according to Jesse" on RT summer 2017.
He is best known for working for Pro Wrestling Zero1, where he is a former two-time World Heavyweight Champion.
He competed for Palau at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro in the 125 kg division.
Steiner wrestled in World Championship Wrestling alongside his older brother Rick as The Steiner Brothers and as a member of the New World Order.
Along with Scott Dawson, he is one half of the former two time NXT Tag Team Champions, The Revival.
Earlier in the process, he finished first and received a berth from the Olympic Qualification Tournament in Novi Sad, Serbia and Montenegro.
First place in FILA Wrestling World Cup in 1996.
Edward Chastain is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Iceberg.
He was a longtime mainstay of Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre throughout the 1990s and now owns and operates "Dantés Wrestling Factory" in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico.
He is best known for his tenure with World Championship Wrestling, where he wrestled under the ring names Ice Train and M.I.
Scott Levy is an American professional wrestler actor and podcaster better known by his ring name, Raven.
He has wrestled mainly in Kaientai Dojo and All Japan Pro Wrestling, and currently works as a freelance wrestler.
He has also wrestled for Global Force Wrestling and for several independent promotions, including Pro Wrestling Guerrilla and Full Impact Pro.
Martin Austin Ruane was an English professional wrestler.
A second-generation wrestler, Lloyd was initially trained by his father.
He first challenged for the WWE Championship in 2005, which began his transition to a world title-level performer.
His nickname was El Geniecillo Azul, which is Spanish for "The Little Blue Genius".
He has also worked for Lucha Underground and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
He competed in several regional promotions such as the Century Wrestling Alliance, the National Wrestling Alliance and the United States Wrestling Association.
Haas formed a team with Shelton Benjamin and the two debuted on SmackDown in December 2002.
Jericho is a six-time world champion, having won the WWF Championship once, the WCW/World Championship twice, and WWE's World Heavyweight Championship three times.
He is best known for his appearances with the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania-based promotion Extreme Championship Wrestling in the mid-1990s.
Terry Ray Gordy Jr. is an American retired professional wrestler.
John Lanza is an American retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Blackjack Lanza.
One of the most popular luchadores in Mexico in the 1950s, he was also an early star of Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre.
In the company, he teamed with fellow wrestler Swede Hanson as the "Blond Bombers," and the duo held several championships.
He participated in the foundation of New Japan of 1972 and the foundation of UWF in 1984.
Adolph Ernst, better known for his ring name Ad Santel, was an American professional wrestler, considered one of the greatest practitioners of catch wrestling ever.
Prior to October 2016 he worked as the masked Gotita de Plata character, first in the Mini-Estrella and then in the regular sized division.
For the Episcopalian bishop, see Victor Manuel Rivera.
Van Dam is also a five time world tag team champion.
During her time with the WWF/E, she briefly held the Hardcore Championship, her only championship during her career.
Ryback Allen Reeves is an American professional wrestler who performs as The Big Guy or Ryback.
Daniel Aceves Villagrán is an athlete from Mexico.
He was voted into the Ohio State University Athletic Hall of Fame in 1997 for both Wrestling and Track.
Brett Woyan is an American retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Brett Sawyer.
In March 2017, Tomlinson returned to football to play for Altrincham.
He currently competes for various independent promotions across North America, including Alpha-1 Wrestling, Capital City Championship Combat, Inter Species Wrestling, and California-based Pro Wrestling Guerrilla.
James Ray Hart is an American professional wrestling manager, executive, composer, and musician currently signed with WWE in a Legends deal.
Ian Harrison, better known by his ring name, "British Storm" Ian Harrison, is an English former professional wrestler and bodybuilder.
Marcel Gauthier was a Canadian professional midget wrestler who worked as Sky Low Low.
Lefebrve would wrestle in Atlanta for GCW until 1979.
She is also a 1 time and current NWA World Women's Champion.
Hager attended the University of Oklahoma as a two-sport athlete, participating in both football and wrestling.
Championships held by Martel over the course of his career include the AWA World Heavyweight Championship, WCW World Television Championship, and WWF World Tag Team Championship.
Bucci is probably best known for his appearances in Extreme Championship Wrestling as Nova, Super Nova, and "Hollywood" Nova and World Wrestling Entertainment as Simon Dean.
Joseph Hamilton is an American retired professional wrestler and current wrestling promoter and trainer.
Donna Adamo is an American retired professional wrestling valet and professional wrestler, better known by her ring name, Elektra.
She is the daughter of the famous professional wrestler Hulk Hogan.
He is the son of "The British Bulldog" Davey Boy Smith, the grandson of Stu Hart and nephew of Bret Hart.
Poffo was born in Calgary, Canada, to Angelo Poffo, an Italian American Catholic, and Judy, a Jewish American.
Hogan's second studio album, The Redemption, failed to match the success of its predecessor.
Koloff, now a preacher, appears on the Lifetime Network series, Preachers' Daughters.
After the event, she was shown nude several more times on other pay-per-views.
He is said to have an incredible tolerance for pain, mainly in reference to the injuries he has had including a cracked skull on two occasions.
Jason Broyles is an American professional wrestler.
Matthew Jonathan Hyson is an American financial planner, professional wrestler and teacher.
She has wrestled throughout the independent circuit for many promotions including Women Superstars Uncensored, National Wrestling League, World Xtreme Wrestling, and the National Wrestling Alliance.
He is currently the ace of Kaientai Dojo.
On 5 July 2015 on the Ali Aliyev Memorial he lost in the gold medal match to Shamil Kudiyamagomedov of Russia.
As a footballer, Tomlinson progressed from the Crewe Alexandra youth team to turn professional in 2003.
He held the WWA World Heavyweight Championship once in World Wrestling All-Stars, and aligned himself with The Undertaker in World Wrestling Entertainment.
Thomas Edward "Eddie" Gilbert Jr. was an American professional wrestler and booker, better known as "Hot Stuff" Eddie Gilbert.
As part of her theosophy-related work, she travelled to India.
He has stated that he is an Ashanti prince.
Joseph "Joe" Doering is an American professional wrestler, who works for All Japan Pro Wrestling, where he is a former Triple Crown Heavyweight Champion.
Bruce Prichard is a professional wrestling personality currently signed to Global Force Wrestling as both an on-air talent and in a backstage advisory role.
It is also because Jamie Madrox is the name of the X-Men character Multiple Man.
Sauer served as a mentor to many young stars, including Lou Thesz before his death of a heart attack in September 1949.
Between those promotions, Eudy has enjoyed major championship success and performed to an international television audience in three decades from the 1980s to the early 2000s.
After his retirement, Layfield later became an on-air commentator for WWE programming.
Dino primarily competes for Dramatic Dream Team, where plays an overly exaggerated homosexual character.
She participated in Women's freestyle 48 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics.
Nick Busick is an American retired professional wrestler and police officer, better known by his ring name, Big Bully Busick.
He won a gold medal twice at the Pan American Games.
In 2009, he was appointed to the position of Vice President of Pro Wrestling Noah, and has retained the position since, being reappointed in September 2011.
Vega was a standout high school football star, and was named to All-Section, All-conference, and All-county 1st teams his junior and senior year.
He has sometimes also worked with other tag team partners such as A.J.
She is a former sportscaster for The Score.
She trained in the Hart family Dungeon under the tutelage of her uncles Ross and Bruce Hart.
Maurice A. Catarcio was an American professional wrestler.
Lindsay was one of the few men who bested him in the infamous "Hart Dungeon" and later became one of Hart's best friends.
Jugan also worked for the National Wrestling Alliance and the World Wrestling Federation as a preliminary wrestler and referee during the early-to-mid 1980s.
Sandow and his brother, Max Baumann, traveled together to promote wrestling events.
Roode debuted as part of Team Canada in 2004, becoming NWA World Tag Team Champion with Eric Young.
He has also won CMLL's CMLL Torneo Gran Alternativa and Leyenda de Azul tournaments.
Von Erich was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2009.
After being removed as president by a board of executives, Misawa left AJPW in May 2000 to form Pro Wrestling Noah.
He wrestled for Fremont High School in Sunnyvale, CA where he was a two-time CIF California state champion.
However, in May 2011, Averno was booked in a Lucha de Apuesta, where he lost his mask and was forced to reveal his true identity.
As Ramirez he originally worked as an enmascarado, or masked wrestler but was unmasked after losing a Luchas de Apuestas, or bet fight, to El Felino.
Yosuke Watanabe is a Japanese professional wrestler currently working for the Dragon Gate professional wrestling promotion under the ring name Yosuke♥Santa Maria.
It is also the abode of Yama, the god of Death.
Over the next few years she established lodges in many parts of the British Empire.
Roberto Gutiérrez Frías is a retired Mexican professional wrestler who has had most of his success in Lucha libre as El Dandy throughout the 1990s.
He is best known for his tenure in Combat Zone Wrestling from 1999 to 2004.
She has wrestled in various independent wrestling promotions, most notably for Shimmer Women Athletes and has had tryouts for both WWE and WCW.
James Michael Hillman, better known by the ring name "Mean" Mike Miller, is an American professional wrestler who had great success in Pacific Northwest Wrestling.
He left for World Championship Wrestling following the controversial "Montreal Screwjob" in November 1997, where he remained until October 2000.
In WWE, Mysterio is a three-time world champion, having held WWE's World Heavyweight Championship twice and the WWE Championship once.
Sara Amato is an American professional wrestling trainer and retired professional wrestler best known by her ring name Sara Del Rey.
He holds a brown belt in Tang Soo Do, a Korean martial art he refers to as "Korean Street Fighting".
On August 18, 2005, Bauman was killed in a motorcycle accident while involved in a police chase, according to his parents.
Sean Royal is a retired American professional wrestler from Tampa, Florida.
John McMahon was an American professional wrestler who specialized in collar-and-elbow wrestling.
He is Russian national champion 2013, silver medalist of Summer Universiade 2013 in Kazan.
Nicholas "Nick" Cvjetkovich is a Canadian professional wrestler, best known for his stint in World Wrestling Entertainment, where he worked on its SmackDown brand as Kizarny.
He was best known for his appearances with World Championship Wrestling from 1991 to 1998.
In November 2015, Nikki was ranked No.
During his career, he wrestled in the United States, United Kingdom, Japan, and Canada.
He took a lot of pride in his work, he really wanted to have a great match with me….
However, Zass was taken as a prisoner of war four times, but managed to escape each time.
Orville Brown was an American professional wrestler.
In AAA, he participated in the 2015 and 2016 Lucha Libre World Cups, winning the latter tournament.
Taylor Michael Rotunda is an American professional wrestler and actor signed to WWE, where he performs on the Raw brand under the ring name Bo Dallas.
Anthony "Tony" Granville Greig is a former wrestler from New Zealand.
Edward McDaniel was a Choctaw-Chickasaw Native American who achieved fame as a professional American football player and later as a professional wrestler.
He then won a freestyle wrestling gold medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
He also teamed with Don Bass, Tom Brandi, and "Doomsday" Danny Rose at various times in his career.
Christopher J. Bauman Jr. was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Chri$ Ca$h.
Polinsky is also known for his work on the independent circuit under the ring name Sterling James Keenan.
Originally, she was paired with Essa Rios, but she achieved her greatest push alongside Matt and Jeff Hardy as Team Xtreme.
Mero's last mainstream appearance was in TNA, where he wrestled sporadically in the mid-2000s.
On March 28, 2015, she was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame, under the Alundra Blayze moniker.
In OVW, he formed a tag team with Mark Jindrak, and they were promoted to the Raw brand in June 2003.
A longtime veteran of the Tri-State area, he was a mainstay of Jersey All Pro Wrestling during the late 1990s.
Joseph "Joey" Magliano, better known by the ring name "Jumping" Joey Maggs, was an American professional wrestler.
Adrienne Reese is an American professional wrestler currently signed to WWE under the ring name Ember Moon, performing on NXT.
He currently trains at Stanford University at the California Regional Training Center
Andrés Alejandro Palomeque González was a Mexican Luchador.
Events and Art of War Fighting Championship.
He then progressed to touring around the world, in countries such as Germany and South Africa, before being called up to WCW in 1993.
He had a brief run in World Wrestling Federation in 1997 and 1998 when AAA and WWF had a working agreement.
He is signed to WWE, where he works as a trainer in its developmental territory NXT.
As part of Generation Next, Strong won the ROH World Tag Team Championship with Aries.
Billy Gram is an American musician, screenwriter, actor, professional wrestler manager, color commentator and Native American political activist.
Suzuki and Ricky Marvin were the first Japanese/foreigner team to win the GHC Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship, one of three reigns with that championship.
During her career, Kandori also had some hardcore matches.
After Ariel was released in mid-2007, Thorn continued to wrestle on ECW, but was sent to OVW in late 2007, after undergoing an image change.
During Fatu's first stint with WWE, he was known as Jamal and Matt was billed as Rosey.
Before that Albarracin trained the Olympic champion Henry Cejudo.
She trained in several camps to improve her wrestling abilities before working for NWA: Total Nonstop Action in June 2002, where she gained national attention.
This is considered one of the most difficult and dangerous moves in professional wrestling.
"Rey Misterio" is Spanish for "King Mystery".
Mr. Gannosuke, Tatsutoshi Goto and Toru Yano later based their "dye job brawler" ring personas on Ueda's style.
In 1990, Gagné left the WWF and retired from professional wrestling.
Kodaka is a former one-time KO-D Openweight Champion, one-time BJW Deathmatch Heavyweight, three-time Union Max Champion and a three-time DDT Extreme Division Champion.
They have also been in El Dorado Wrestling as co-leaders of the Hell Demons faction.
Naruki Doi is a Japanese wrestler for Dragon Gate.
He was Alexis Nihon's son along with his brother Alexis Nihon, Jr., and eventually inherited a part of his father's fortune.
Guzmán's son followed him into wrestling as El Hijo del Santo, or 'Son of the Saint'.
Chuck Williams is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Rockin' Rebel.
He is the brother of professional wrestlers Místico, Astro Boy, Argos, and Mini Murder Clown.
He is also the founder of Shooto, Seikendo and Real Japan Pro Wrestling.
He is best known for his work with the American Wrestling Association, the National Wrestling Alliance, World Championship Wrestling, and the World Wrestling Federation.
Filabi also represented Iran in three Olympics, 1968 Mexico City, 1972 Munich, and 1976 Montreal.
He is best known for his appearances with World Wrestling Entertainment in the 2000s and Ring of Honor in the 2010s.
Sasaki is the first of two men ever to hold all three of puroresu's major heavyweight titles, the other being Yoshihiro Takayama.
He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2005.
A rematch between the two the following year was the first televised wrestling match in Canada.
Jaden, stylized as JADEN, is an American professional wrestling manager and commentator.
He was trained by Kensuke Sasaki and started his career in his Kensuke Office promotion in February 2008, before joining AJPW in January 2014.
He also was the longest active member of the Nation of Domination.
She is a second generation wrestler; her father is Gran Hamada.
Bockwinkel was recognised for his exceptional technical wrestling ability and mastery of in-ring psychology.
Nishimura formerly worked for New Japan Pro Wrestling and MUGA World Pro Wrestling.
Amy Christine Dumas, better known as Lita, is an American semi-retired professional wrestler, and singer most recently signed with WWE as an analyst.
Lionel Giroux was a Canadian midget wrestler who is best known by his ring name Little Beaver.
Dragón Rojo Jr. along with Último Guerrero are the longest reigning CMLL World Tag Team Champions in the history of the championship.
Nikita was brought into the National Wrestling Alliance by his "Uncle" Ivan to prove Soviet superiority.
He is trained in freestyle wrestling, rugby, football, sambo, kickboxing, judo, jujutsu, Brazilian jiu-jitsu and mixed martial arts.
She is best known for her appearances with the World Wrestling Federation/World Wrestling Entertainment from 2000 to 2005 under the ring name Molly Holly.
He won a silver medal in the Men's Greco-Roman 52 kg.
As Louis Cerdan, he was a WWWF Tag Team Champion, teaming with fellow Canadian-Italian wrestler Tony Parisi.
Also, Godderz trained in TNA's developmental territory Ohio Valley Wrestling, where he is a five-time OVW Southern Tag Team Champion.
Seiji Sakaguchi is a retired Japanese professional wrestler and judoka, Sakaguchi holds a 7th dan red and white belt in Judo.
Matthew R. "Matt" Wiese is an American actor and former professional wrestler.
Matthew Polinsky is an American color commentator, columnist, and former professional wrestler.
El Hijo del Fantasma, also working under the ring name King Cuerno, is a Mexican professional wrestler active as a rudo in Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide.
He retired from in-ring competition on December 17, 2011.
Salem Ould Habib is a Mauritanian freestyle wrestler
Robert Sharp is an active Canadian professional wrestler, better known by his ring name "Lion Warrior" Bobby Sharp.
He has also worked with World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment, World Championship Wrestling, and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Muldoon was a mainstay in New York sports for over 50 years.
He is best known for his appearances with the American professional wrestling promotion World Championship Wrestling from 1997 to 2001.
His ring name is modeled after that of famous Bollywood actor Sanjay Dutt.
He is junior world champion in 2005 budapest and two time Asian Championships silver medalist.
She has held the WWWA World Heavyweight Championship three times, and is the first woman to win a men's title in Japan.
James Brunzell is an American retired professional wrestler.
The inspiration for his ring name came from the movie New Jack City.
Bay Ragni is an American retired professional wrestler and promoter.
Harold Edward Cox, better known by his ring name Eddie Golden, is a semi-retired American professional wrestler and trainer.
He is also the father of former WWE professional wrestler, René Duprée and currently lives in Pointe-du-Chêne, New Brunswick.
Donn Lewin was an American professional wrestler, marine and tropical fish breeder.
Strong has also toured Japan with Dragon Gate and Pro Wrestling Noah and had a brief stint in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling in 2005.
He is the younger brother of professional wrestler Ricky Steamboat, whom he took his ring name after.
He is also known for his stint with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
In 2000, he became the first and only man to win the WWF Women's Championship.
In her later years with WWE, she wrestled only sporadically.
He also became involved in the creative aspects of movie making, writing several screenplays and stories over the years.
Allmark, who often goes by the nicknames "Xtreme", or "2-Xtreme", is one half of the UK Dream Team with Kid Cool.
He was the best of the best."
Studd is best known for his appearances with the World Wide Wrestling Federation/World Wrestling Federation in the 1970s and 1980s.
She is also known for commonly carrying a bottle of rum to the ring to spit at people as part of her performance.
Don Stansauk was an American professional wrestler and actor, known by his ring name, Hard Boiled Haggerty.
William "Bill" Danenhauer is an American retired professional wrestler.
He currently performs on the independent circuit either as Crowbar or Devon Storm.
Fertig made his professional wrestling debut in 2000, and quickly began working for the Memphis Championship Wrestling promotion in his hometown, under the ring name Seven.
He is currently the host of SiriusXM Rush's 'Busted Open' program.
He also wrestles on the United States independent circuit.
Among the wrestlers he and South have trained over the years include Henry Godwin, Ron Killings and the The Hardy Boyz.
He was a Democratic member of the Alabama House of Representatives, serving as Speaker from 1983 to 1987.
David Kapoor is an Indian-American professional wrestling manager and writer, better known by his ring name, Ranjin Singh.
In his career, Hennigan is a three-time world champion, having held the ECW World Championship, Lucha Underground Championship and AAA Mega Championship.
She won numerous championships, before beginning to work for Ohio Valley Wrestling in 2003 under her real name.
As a result, she had numerous surgeries and returned to OVW for further training.
Mika Akino, better known as AKINO, is a female Japanese joshi wrestler, signed to Oz Academy.
Richard Aslinger is a retired American professional wrestler, known by his ring name Richard Slinger.
Hennig debuted in WWE in 2010, joining The Nexus under the ring name Michael McGillicutty.
Gold medalist World cup 2011 in Makhachkala, Dagestan, Russia.
He worked for the professional wrestling promotion, WWE, as well as several independent promotions.
She has also appeared on several television shows, including Show Me The Money, Sunset Tan, Deal or No Deal, Matador, and Supergirl.
Francisco Islas Rueda is a Mexican professional wrestler, or luchador, best known by his ring name Super Crazy.
Americo Sebastiano Costantino is an Italian-American retired professional wrestler and wrestling manager.
In the 1970s, he could regularly be seen on ITV's Saturday afternoon sports show-case, World of Sport.
Following AJW's closure, she has continued to work in other joshi promotions such as Gaea and NEO.
He won ROH's Survival of the Fittest tournament in November 2010 which propelled him to win the World Championship.
He subsequently dropped the "Junior" from his name when he began working for WWE in July 2002.
He was a charter inductee of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame in 1996.
He has previously worked as Dr. Kent, Poder Indio, Poder Boricua, Poder Mexica and Toro Blanco.
Harley Leland Race is an American former professional wrestler, and current promoter and trainer.
In 2004, Birch signed with WWE and was assigned to their developmental territory Ohio Valley Wrestling in Louisville, Kentucky under the name Joey Mercury.
Eaton is most famous for his work in tag teams, especially his days as one-half of The Midnight Express.
Colin Matthew Delaney is an American professional wrestler.
Christopher Joseph Parks, better known by his ring name Abyss, is an American professional wrestler currently signed with Global Force Wrestling.
Outside of wrestling Lynn processes mortgages as a living.
He recaptured the title in January 2007 and established Christian's Coalition, which disbanded a year later.
He competed for Egypt in the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, earning a silver medal behind Kurt Pettersén of Sweden and Halil Kaya of Turkey.
Edward McGuckin is an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Jigsaw.
He is an official Phatpuppy cover model for designer Claudia McKinney.
In 2009, Ibushi started working for New Japan Pro-Wrestling and eventually signed with the promotion in 2013.
She won her first WWE Women's Championship at the No Mercy pay-per-view in October, and held it for six months.
He left TNA in February 2015, briefly competing again in ROH and the independent circuit.
He is the younger brother of former professional wrestler Jack Brisco who died in early 2010.
When the studio was still reluctant to change her contract, Monroe founded a film production company in late 1954; she named it Marilyn Monroe Productions.
He is a ten-time OVW Heavyweight Champion and an eleven-time OVW Southern Tag Team Champion.
Sugiura wrestled as a junior heavyweight in his earlier pro career and is a former GHC Junior Heavyweight Champion.
Mohammad Ali Fardin was an Iranian freestyle wrestler and actor.
He also wrote a book titled Kanz ol-Haghayegh in Persian.
Booker is best known for his time in World Championship Wrestling, the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment, and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, holding 35 championships between those organizations.
In 2015, Dansereau repackaged himself as Evil Uno.
Edward Wright was an American professional wrestler who became popular in the late 1950s and 1960s.
In 2014, Zumhofe was sentenced to 25 years in prison for criminal sexual conduct.
Marcin Jurecki is a Polish former wrestler who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Initially trained by New Japan Pro Wrestling, Sawada found prominence after making his debut for DDT in 1999.
Pozas made his wrestling debut in 1985, working as an enmascarado with a panther-inspired mask to go with his ring character of "El Pantera".
He has also worked with a number of other tag team partners, including Koko B. Ware, Steve Keirn, and "Lord" Steven Regal.
Rogers is one of three men in history to have held both world titles, along with Ric Flair and AJ Styles.
He gained some notoriety in 1936 when he faced heavyweight boxing contender Kingfish Levinsky in a mixed match, which Steele won in 35 seconds.
In the tag team division, he is a former three-time ROH World Tag Team Champion and a record eight-time IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Champion.
He is also known for his appearances with the American professional wrestling promotion Extreme Championship Wrestling.
Wrestling historian Dave Meltzer described Bassarab as a semi-spectacular in-ring performer.
Thomas Russell "Russ" Haas was a professional wrestler.
He briefly returned to the renamed WWE in 2006 as part of the revived ECW brand.
In the WWF, he found his greatest success as Mr.
In 2001, Lizmark was inducted into the Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame.
Nicole Bass-Fuchs was an American bodybuilder, actress, professional wrestler, and professional wrestling valet.
Taichiro Maki is a Japanese professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Taichi Ishikari or simply Taichi.
Louis Vincent "Lou" Albano was an Italian American professional wrestler, manager and actor.
She primarily wrestled in Japan for the first five years of her career, holding numerous championships there.
In 1952, Tony Stecher sold a one-third interest in the Minneapolis Boxing and Wrestling club to Wally Karbo and his son Dennis Stecher.
Luke Joseph Scarpa was an American professional wrestler who was best known by the ring name Chief Jay Strongbow.
From December 29, 1996 through January 4, 1997 he was the active reigning and defending champion of ten titles, a record which still stands.
At age 63, he was the oldest wrestler on the roster.
In November, she moved to the ECW brand, where she managed DJ Gabriel.
During his later career, he also appeared in European and Japanese organizations from the 1970s until the late 1980s.
In his later career, he worked primarily in Australia.
Often called "The Cornerstone of MCW", Valentino was one of the promotion's top heel performers during its early years.
She held the title with partner Leilani Kai as The Glamour Girls.
Valeri Nikitin is an Estonian former wrestler who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
John Tarkong, Jr. is a retired amateur Palauan Greco-Roman wrestler, who competed in the men's heavyweight category.
Though Yokozuna wrestled as a representative of Japan, in real life Anoaʻi was Samoan American and was accordingly billed as hailing from Polynesia.
Rimi Yokota is a Japanese professional wrestler and later wrestling trainer, who wrestled under the name Jaguar Yokota.
He was nicknamed El Hombre de Goma, translated as The Elastic Man, due to his elasticity and flexibility in the ring.
Her sister, Rose Rummel, was also a wrestler.
He has competed in several North American independent promotions, including International World Class Championship Wrestling, Florida Championship Wrestling and the National Wrestling Alliance.
In the 1/8 of final he lost with Kiril Terziev and was eliminated from competition.
Paul Ellering is an American professional wrestling manager currently signed with WWE on the NXT brand and formerly a weightlifter, professional wrestler and dog musher.
He is currently working for Evolve, New Japan Pro Wrestling and Pro Wrestling Guerrilla and holds the British Heavyweight and Evolve Championships.
He trained under Karl Istaz, and debuted in 1971.
Sabin has won 11 total championships while with TNA.
He is also recognized by WWE as the 20th Triple Crown Champion and the 10th Grand Slam Champion.
Most notably, he was the tag team partner of Mr. Moto while wrestling in National Wrestling Alliance regional territories during the late 1950s.
He is known for his over-the-top, rockstar persona.
He also has studied Mexican lucha libre wrestling whilst in Mexico.
Steven "Steve" Martinez is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Steve DeMarco.
Thomas Erwin "Tom" Zenk is an American retired professional wrestler and bodybuilder.
López is the nephew of Luchador Blue Panther, the son-in-law of Mano Negro and the brother-in-law of Mano Negro Jr.
His gimmick was a Texan cowboy who entered World Wrestling Federation rings to the sound of a bullwhip.
He has competed for several North American independent promotions and has competed in several wrestling tours in Asia.
He is the current BJW World Strong Heavyweight Champion, while also being a former Zero1 World Heavyweight, NWA United National Heavyweight and Wrestle-1 Champion.
He signed with AAA in 2005 and worked for them for several years before leaving the promotion to work on the Mexican Independent circuit.
He is best known under the ring name Onyx and for his stint in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling as a member of The Elite Guard.
Her brother Sam Houston and half-brother Jake "The Snake" Roberts are also wrestlers.
Including his two TNA Television Championship reigns, Hughes has held 25 major championships between TNA, WWE, ECW, and New Japan Pro Wrestling.
Together, they held the World Tag Team Championship.
Instead, Rockwell radioed an Army captain which allowed important last-minute changes that aided in the success of the attack and saved thousands of lives.
When the Assassins ended, Hamilton wrestled as "The Assassin" and "The Flame" both while wearing a mask.
She became involved with union actions including the Bloody Sunday demonstration and the London matchgirls strike of 1888.
He returned to WWE part-time from 2011-13 and continues to make sporadic appearances for the company.
Bigelow is best known for his appearances with the World Wrestling Federation, Extreme Championship Wrestling, and World Championship Wrestling between 1987 and 2001.
Puentes worked under the ring name Óscar Sevilla from 1997 until 2005 where he adopted the "El Ángel" ring character.
Ladd feuded with many popular wrestlers of the time, including Wahoo McDaniel, André the Giant and Mr. Wrestling.
Kurt Koski is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Rusty Brooks.
She is best known for her tenure in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring names Roxxi Laveaux, The Voodoo Queen, and Roxxi.
Altogether, LeDuc held 32 championships—15 singles belts and 17 tag team titles.
Edwin Carlos Colón Coates is a Puerto Rican professional wrestler.
He competed at the 1950 British Empire Games where he won the silver medal in the men's flyweight or 52 kg grade.
He is best known for his appearances with World Championship Wrestling as Hugh Morrus and World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment under his real name.
Both Heffernan and Costello died before the team was honored by being the first tag team inducted into the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame in 2003.
She is best known for her work in joshi puroresu organizations such as All Japan Women's Pro-Wrestling.
Nickla Ann Roberts is an American semi-retired professional wrestler and valet, better known by her ring name, "The Perfect 10" Baby Doll.
He is also known for having his theme song play throughout his matches in ECW.
Akihiro Yonekawa is a Japanese professional wrestler and singer, better known for his ring name Kesen Numajiro.
Jonathan William Coachman, also known as "The Coach", is an American sports interviewer who works for ESPN.
Russell Gene Taylor, better known by the ring name Ryan Taylor, is an American professional wrestler.
Dean R. Peters was an American professional wrestler and referee.
When WCW was bought by the World Wrestling Federation, Helms' contract was kept by WWF.
Augusto Midana is a freestyle wrestler from Guinea-Bissau who competes in the men's middleweight category.
Flyer currently works for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre as a tecnico.
Leon Allen White, better known by his ring name Big Van Vader, or simply Vader, is an American semi-retired professional wrestler and former professional football player.
He was born at Parkyn's Shop which lies at three parish boundaries, St Columb Major, St Columb Minor and St Mawgan.
In September 2010, she competed in the third season of NXT, placing fourth.
Wrestling under the name Joe Acton, and nicknamed "The Little Demon," Acton was considered one of the top wrestlers of his era.
She was an active wrestler during the 1950s and 1960s.
He was a member of Satan's Choice, a biker gang.
He was suffering through various health problems from obesity to diabetes and was a two-time cancer survivor.
James Carson Yun is an American entrepenuer, actor and retired professional wrestler.
Michael Iorio is a retired Italian American professional wrestler best known under the ring name of Big Guido.
He was a Nine-letterman at Ohio State University, in Football, Wrestling, and Track.
He held the title for 35 days before losing the championship to MASADA at Aerial Assault.
Bliss is the first woman to have won both the Raw and SmackDown women's championships.
In 2014, he was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame and the following year into the Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame.
Steve Hardy, better known by his ring names Kid Hardy and Mr. Wrestling, was an Australian professional wrestler.
He is best known for his appearance with the Minneapolis-based promotions Pro Wrestling America and the American Wrestling Association.
He also appeared in a host of indie shows throughout the US and UK.
Both films were critically panned, with the former earning Rodman a triple Razzie Award.
Dwayne Douglas Johnson, also known by his ring name The Rock, is an American actor, producer and professional wrestler.
He is currently splitting his time wrestling for both Pro Wrestling Noah and Pro Wrestling Zero1.
As Kahn Cassett portrayed an Asian savage despite being Caucasian.
In CZW he was a member of the stables known as The Suicide Kings and The Nation of Intoxication.
Royal retired from wrestling in 1988 and worked in construction for a number of years.
Appollo would go on to get further training from Jimmy KillKillia and American Kickboxer at the R.A.A.G.E.
In March 2005, Groothuis signed a developmental contract with World Wrestling Entertainment.
That same year, she signed a contract with WWE and joined the reality television show Total Divas, which is produced by WWE and E!.
He is best known for his work with Insane Championship Wrestling where he is a former ICW World Heavyweight Champion.
Mark Lewin is an American retired professional wrestler.
Charles John Spencer is a retired American professional wrestler.
In 1998, Reso signed a developmental deal with the World Wrestling Federation and was rebranded as the storyline brother of Edge, Copeland's WWF persona.
Former TNA Executive Producer and WCW president Eric Bischoff has described Tenay as "a walking encyclopedia of knowledge".
McCarther continued to promote small wrestling shows until dying of cancer on July 1, 1994.
Naoko Satō, better known as Jackie Satō was a professional wrestler from Yokohama, Japan.
He has also worked for Extreme Championship Wrestling.
Leopoldina Ross Davyes is an amateur Guinea-Bissauan freestyle wrestler, who competed in the women's flyweight category.
Part of the Anderson family, Anderson was a founding member of the influential stable The Four Horsemen.
He is manly known for his work in the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Asistencia Asesoría y Administración which he worked for until mid-2009.
Aries has worked with several promotions, including WWE, Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, and Ring of Honor.
He is best known for his appearances with Smokey Mountain Wrestling and Extreme Championship Wrestling in the 1990s.
He once held the Mexican National Middleweight Championship and after his retirement was the head of the Mexico City boxing and wrestling commission for a while.
Shinjiro Otani is a Japanese professional wrestler contracted to Pro Wrestling Zero1.
Liam Slater is a British professional wrestler.
Christopher Dijak is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Donovan Dijak.
He competed at the 1950 British Empire Games where he won the gold medal in the men's 62 kg grade.
Generico achieved much success in Pro Wrestling Guerrilla as a two-time PWG World Champion and five-time World Tag Team Champion.
Patricia Williams is a Canadian retired professional wrestling valet better known as Precious.
He is currently signed to WWE and will soon be appearing on their developmental territory NXT.
He earned NBA All-Defensive First Team honors seven times and won the NBA Defensive Player of the Year Award twice.
Ellering and the Road Warriors were inducted into both the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame and the WWE Hall of Fame in 2011.
In 2000 and 2001, she worked for the Matrats promotion, before debuting for Stampede Wrestling in 2003.
Simmons has taken on many elements of the Bulldog character including the ring gear and the finishing move.
He is currently working for independent promotions all over the world.
He was a color commentator and partner of Carlos Cabrera and occasionally Marcelo Rodríguez.
Charles Warrington is an American professional wrestler best known for his time in the World Wrestling Federation.
He is currently training wrestlers at Arena Xalapa, Different states of mexico and the United States.
O'Mahony died in a road accident 2 November 1950 at the age of 38.
He is the original Mascarita Sagrada although there have been several wrestlers who have used the same gimmick through the years.
She died after a wrestling injury, only months into her professional career.
After the stable split, Hennigan won the ECW World Championship and his ring name changed to John Morrison.
He won the bronze medal four years later in the same weight division at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
His first run in WWE ended in 2010.
Edward Smith Fatu was an American Samoan professional wrestler.
Daniel Healy Solwold Jr., better known by the ring name Austin Aries, is an American professional wrestler.
Amanpreet Singh Randhawa is an Indian professional wrestler competing in Impact Wrestling under the ring name Mahabali Shera.
His style is a combination submission wrestling and hard, martial art strikes.
He was also inducted into the Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame in 2002.
Lauren Ann Williams is a Canadian professional wrestler currently signed to Global Force Wrestling under the ring name Angelina Love.
Roberts was also one of the subjects of the 1999 documentary film Beyond the Mat.
He competed at the 1954 British Empire Games, and won a bronze medal for wrestling in the Men's Bantamweight class.
He was sentenced to one year of house arrest and two years of probation.
His first wife, Blanche, died in 1928 while still a teenager.
He is a former president of All Japan Pro Wrestling, as well as being a full-time wrestler for the promotion from 2002 to 2013.
He is best known for his tenure with World Championship Wrestling from 1993 to 1999 under the ring names Scotty Riggs and Riggs.
He is working for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre.
Robert Edward Brooks, better known by his ring name Robbie Brookside, is an English retired professional wrestler.
Although Monroe's death was ruled a probable suicide, several conspiracy theories have been proposed in the decades following her death.
Sumie Sakai is a Japanese professional wrestler and mixed martial artist.
Ditta first competed internationally at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany.
Slaughter and Col. Mustafa in a Handicap match with Sid Justice as special guest referee against Hulk Hogan and The Ultimate Warrior.
Fundora also wreslted at 5 world championships.
Christie Ricci is the ring name of an American professional wrestler, also known as Glory.
He is known for his high-risk moves.
Micheal McCord is an American retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name the "Universal Heartthrob" Austin Idol.
David Taylor is an English professional wrestler.
In mid-2013, Kobayashi was diagnosed with hepatitis C, forcing him to take a long-term break from in-ring action to undergo treatment.
He left Iran after Islamic Revolution and joined the parliament-in-exile, National Council of Resistance of Iran.
He began working in WWE at age 15, starting in their warehouse, where he filled merchandise orders.
Bauman wrestled in many independent promotions, but is known for his time in Combat Zone Wrestling, where he was a former CZW World Tag Team Champion.
Erich L. "Eric" Sbraccia is a retired American professional wrestler.
Reso made his debut the following year and immediately captured his first title in the company, the WWF Light Heavyweight Championship.
Sports wrote that he holds "a lofty level of prestige that few will ever touch".
He has also wrestled in the United States for Chikara and Pro Wrestling Guerrilla.
He is currently working most notably in the United Kingdom, where he predominantly appears for HOPE Wrestling.
Anderson and Bernard also held Pro Wrestling Noah's GHC Tag Team Championship, and were voted tag team of the year by The Wrestling Observer in 2011.
Johnny De Fazio, known to fans as Jumping Johnny De Fazio, is a former professional wrestler from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
He is best known for his appearances with the American Wrestling Association, the World Wrestling Federation and World Championship Wrestling.
He debuted the character on July 3, 2005, in a tag match where he and Johnson Florida battled the Florida Brothers, Michael Iwasa & Daniel Mishima.
It was also during that time that he won various championships in singles and tag team competition.
Steven Kenneth Lombardi is an American semi-retired professional wrestler and road agent, better known by his ring name, the Brooklyn Brawler.
Richard Joseph "Dick" Garza, better known as Mighty Igor Vodik, or simply Mighty Igor, was a professional wrestler.
He is also the longest reigning holder of the PCW Heavyweight Championship holding the title for 14-months before losing to The Wall in 2003.
She was one of two female wrestlers, along with rival Purity Saint, featured on the series.
James has held numerous championships over the course of his three-decade career.
He regularly teams with Player Uno as the Super Smash Bros.
They held the championship for seven months, before losing it in early November.
In 2016, Clarke released her autobiography, Through The Shattered Glass.
Thomas competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics in the men's middleweight event.
John Katan was a Ukrainian-Canadian professional wrestler.
Michael Wills Foreman DiBiase is an American retired professional wrestler.
Buddy Landel, better known as "Nature Boy" Buddy Landel, was an American professional wrestler born in Knoxville, Tennessee.
Satoshi Kojima is a Japanese professional wrestler, currently signed to New Japan Pro Wrestling.
Barrera won a silver medal at the 2007 Pan American Games.
Anoa‘i, along with his late cousins Eddie Fatu and Matt Fatu, was trained at the Wild Samoan Training Facility headed by his uncle, Afa Anoaʻi.
He is listed in the FILA wrestling hall of fame.
He is best known for his appearances with the World Wrestling Federation under the ring name Joey Abs as part of the Mean Street Posse.
Nicholas Aldis is an English professional wrestler.
Stephen Cepello is an American artist and a former professional wrestler.
Muraco was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2004 and the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame in 2014.
José Luis Jair Soria is a Mexican luchador or professional wrestler, who works under the ring name Shocker.
She is often nicknamed "Little" due to her short stature of only 4 ft 11 in.
He began wrestling in the World Wrestling Council, where he won the WWC Universal Heavyweight Championship five times, as well as numerous secondary and tertiary titles.
He began working for Ohio Valley Wrestling, which led to him signing a developmental contract with World Wrestling Entertainment in 2003.
He won a gold medal with Iranian team in World Cup 2015, and a bronze in the Asian Championships 2015.
From 2003 to 2006, he and Buck Quartermain formed a tag team in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling and on the independent circuit.
Robert Strauss is an American professional wrestler.
Together they are former one-time Chikara Campeones de Parejas, one-time PWG World Tag Team Champions and winners of PWG's 2012 Dynamite Duumvirate Tag Team Title Tournament.
Lanny Mark Poffo, better known by his ring names "Leaping" Lanny and The Genius is a Canadian-American professional wrestler, motivational speaker, poet, actor and credit councilor.
She is best known for her appearances with Extreme Championship Wrestling under her real name and as Peaches.
He was one half of the DudeBusters tag team with Trent Barreta.
Colin's brother, Jaret Delaney of WV, currently wrestles in the New York area under the name "Freddie Midnight."
He also competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City along with his brother Alexis as a freestyle wrestler.
He has held the NWA World Heavyweight Championship six times, the WCW World Heavyweight Championship four times and the AAA Mega Championship on one occasion.
Torrie Wilson has also made a guest appearance in the TV show Baywatch.
Heidari was selected as the 1999 National Sportsman of the Year in Iran.
He is a son of Olympic silver medalist Askari Mohammadian.
Robert Lee Eaton is an American retired professional wrestler, who made his debut in 1976.
The Bella Twins were a professional wrestling tag team which performed on WWE and consisted of real-life twin sisters Brie Bella and Nikki Bella.
He was also known as The Great Parkyn.
Édouard Ignacz Weiczorkiewicz was a Canadian professional wrestler better known by his ring name Édouard Carpentier.
Kira Renee Forster is a Canadian professional wrestler and former model currently wrestling for Lucha Underground under the ring name Taya.
In professional wrestling, he is known for his hard hitting offense.
Charles "Chad" Wicks is an American retired professional wrestler best known for his time with the World Wrestling Entertainment.
She was the frequent tag team partner of Sandy Parker, with whom she won the National Wrestling Alliance's NWA Women's World Tag Team Championship.
DeAlva Eyvonnie Sibley, better known by her ring name of June Byers, was an American women's professional wrestler famous in the 1950s and early 1960s.
They are known as the Bold and the Beautiful.
Duff grew up in Delran Township, New Jersey and attended Delran High School, where he was also an All-American wrestler.
Brandon Gatson is an American professional wrestler, primarily working for Pro Wrestling Guerrilla and Empire Wrestling Federation.
Shu is also a former Tohoku Junior Heavyweight Champion.
Andy Roberts is a retired American professional wrestler who performed under the name "The Natural" Andy Douglas.
James is a second generation wrestler; his father Bob wrestled, as did his brothers Scott, Brad, and Steve.
He is a trained nutritionist, fitness trainer and owner of his own Gym in Mexico
Jugan was one of the biggest "indy" stars in Pennsylvania during the 1990s.
He is a part of professional wrestling's Guerrero family along with his father Gory, brothers Chavo, Mando, and Eddie, nephew Chavo Jr., and niece Raquel Diaz.
She has also formerly held the WSU Tag Team Championship along with Annie Social, and the Chikara Grand Championship as Princess Kimber Lee.
She is a former NWA World Women's Champion.
Riggins has competed in Southeastern independent promotions including the United States Wrestling Association during the 1990s.
He is best known for his tenure in World Wrestling Entertainment, where he was a one-time United States Champion.
She is the daughter of Kerry Von Erich and the granddaughter of Fritz Von Erich.
While acting as a booker in Stampede Wrestling, Kroffat invented the ladder match.
He is signed to WWE, where he performs on the Raw brand under the ring name Dash Wilder.
He has four gold medals from wrestling in two Asian Games.
Shoup later moved on to the Century Wrestling Alliance where he became one of the promotion's biggest stars.
Assad signed with WWE in 2005 and was assigned to Deep South Wrestling, one of the company's developmental territories.
In 2012, Del Rey became only the fourth woman to make it to Pro Wrestling Illustrated's list of top 500 wrestlers in the world.
Terkay was known at his time as one of the top gaijin in Japan.
Callee Keating is a retired Australian professional wrestler best known by her ring name Kellie Skater.
He was the "Deputy leader" of the La Legión Extranjera faction headed by Konnan.
George Raymond Wagner was an American professional wrestler best known by his ring name Gorgeous George.
Flying Fred Curry had notable feuds with wrestling legend The Sheik.
In the past, Yoshioka has also toured Great Britain, where he won the All Star Wrestling British Light Heavyweight Championship.
As of September 2011, Sugiura is the chairman of Noah's Wrestler's Association and holds the concomitant position on the promotion's board of directors.
Rachel Frobel is an American professional wrestler who is better known by her ring name MsChif.
Richard Reid Fliehr, better known by his ring name Reid Flair, was an American professional wrestler.
As The Undertaker, Calaway's gimmick was a horror-themed, macabre entity who employed scare tactics and held links to the supernatural.
Hennig was also known for his muscular neck which, to this day, measures 22 inches.
Brian Leslie Blair is an American politician and professional wrestler.
In 2006, she was a contestant in the 2006 WWE Diva Search, which she won to earn a contract with the company.
Perry Arthur Satullo is an American professional wrestler known by his ring name, Perry Saturn.
He is also the current UKPW World Champion.
Arthur Sneddon was a former wrestler from New Zealand.
Hassan Hamin Assad is an American professional wrestler and rapper, better known by his ring name Montel Vontavious Porter.
She is best known for her time in WWE's developmental territory, WWE NXT, where she served as a backstage interviewer under the ring name Devin Taylor.
He was a popular wrestler in Montreal, and was one of the promoters in the city in the 1980s.
Douglas Duane Somerson was an American professional wrestler known by his ring name "Pretty Boy" Doug Somers.
Among the wrestlers he has trained over the years include leading Canadian independent wrestlers "Wildman" Gary Williams and Mike Hughes.
Fisher competed in WWE, WCW, XPW, WWC and UPW between 1995-2007.
"Tony" Petrucci is an American professional wrestler.
Steele would hold the belt for over a year before losing it back to Bronko Nagurski on March 11, 1941 in Houston, Texas.
Imposible was trained for his professional wrestling career by Negro Navarro.
He spent most of his career in St. Louis, Missouri.
Yekta Yılmaz Gül is a Turkish amateur Greco-Roman wrestler, who competed for the men's 120 kg division.
He is the only wrestler to have simultaneously held the WWE Championship and ECW World Championship.
Alexander Zass, was a Russian strongman, a professional wrestler, and an animal trainer.
Parisi won tag team titles in several organizations, including the World Wide Wrestling Federation.
Michael David "Mike" Droese is an American retired professional wrestler and special education teacher.
He also competes for various promotions on the international independent circuit.
After retiring from in-ring competition in 2007, he became the company's lead play-by-play commentator.
He has wrestled for the Century Wrestling Alliance, the National Wrestling Alliance, and Chaotic Wrestling where he was inducted into its hall of fame in 2008.
He is signed to WWE on the SmackDown brand.
Mark Sciarra is an American retired professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Rip Rogers.
Prior to becoming a professional wrestler, he was a two-sport athlete in college.
He won the DSW Heavyweight Championship twice, before briefly appearing in Florida Championship Wrestling.
The Acid Fest was a benefit event to assist in paying for Trent's burial services.
He also captured the Television Championship twice, the NWA World Tag Team Championship once with A.J.
Generico is also a two-time IWS World Heavyweight Champion for the Montreal-based International Wrestling Syndicate.
He formed a successful tag team with Shinjiro Otani during the 1990s and won the IWGP Jr Heavyweight Tag Titles in 1998 and 1999.
He is best known for his work for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre between 1995 and 2013.
Primarily a tag team wrestler, Gunn is a total 11-time tag team champion in WWE with three different partners.
Ángel Acevedo is a permanent resident of Canada and resides in Calgary, Alberta.
He is working in Europe and also wrestled for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling and USA Championship Wrestling in the United States.
He is best known for his work with Insane Championship Wrestling particularly as an original and long-standing member of the New Age Kliq stable.
The album spawned two singles, neither of which had much success.
Takahiro Suwa, better known by his ring name Suwa, is a Japanese professional wrestler of Pro Wrestling Noah.
On March 31, 2017, Wright was posthumously inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame as a part of the Legacy wing.
He had been signed to a developmental contract with World Wrestling Entertainment and worked in their developmental territory, Florida Championship Wrestling in 2008 and 2009.
In the course of his career, Grunge held championships such as the ECW World Tag Team Championship and WCW World Tag Team Championship.
She was formerly known as Leah Von Dutch.
Jarrett is also known for his tenures with World Championship Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation.
John Stanley Hansen II is an American actor, author and retired professional wrestler.
Michael "Mike" Maraldo is an American professional wrestler, best known by his ring name Ace Darling.
Sangre Chicana is the ring name of Mexican professional wrestler Andrés Durán Reyes.
"Canada's Greatest Athlete", as he billed himself for promotional purposes, was born in Edmonton, Alberta.
Jacques Rougeau Jr. is a Canadian retired professional wrestler best known for his appearances in the 1980s and 1990s with the World Wrestling Federation.
Stern opened the first co-ed gym in the United States in San Francisco, California, as well as the first with a nursery.
He also holds the record for most days as Intercontinental Champion.
He is a former NWA World Heavyweight Champion and IWGP Heavyweight Champion.
Juan Luis Marén Delis is a Cuban wrestler who has won three Olympic medals.
Tokimitsu Ishizawa, better known by his ring name Kendo Kashin, is a Japanese professional wrestler.
Young subsequently formed The Prime Time Players with Titus O'Neil, with whom he is a one-time WWE Tag Team Champion.
Al Perez is a retired American professional wrestler.
Takuya Sugawara is a Japanese professional wrestler, currently wrestling for Pro Wrestling ZERO1-MAX and Dragon Gate.
He most recently worked for professional wrestling promotion Impact Wrestling as a producer.
Although he started out for New Japan Pro Wrestling, he is well known for his stint in Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling.
In the WWF, he was a two-time World Tag Team Champion with his brother-in-law, Mike Rotunda.
In the fall of 2009, he was promoted to WWE's main roster as "Eric Escobar", appearing on the SmackDown brand.
Muñoz is the father of CMLL wrestlers William Arturo Muñoz González, Místico and Dragon Lee.
The 2009 commercial featured Troy Polamalu tackling Trosky who was doubling for Robert Alan Beuth.
He is undefeated in MMA competition, holding a record of eight wins and zero losses.
Mark Keenan, better known by his ring name Cody Michaels Jr., is an American former professional wrestler.
A different wrestler, also called Tarzan Boy, from mid-80's independents ASW and NWF, and a brief appearance in Global Wrestling Federation, is no relation.
She held the WWF Women's Championship from October 1988 until it was retired in 1990.
He also had successful stints in international promotions such as the Japanese shoot-fighting promotion UWF International.
During those years, he coached 20 individual NCAA champions and 20 National AAU and USA Wrestling winners.
Sting has been described as the WCW counterpart to the WWF's Hulk Hogan.
Despite what his ring name might suggest, he is not the son of Karloff Lagarde, but his nephew.
He has written seven books including the two memoirs Headquarters and Secret Identity: Essays From Both My Lives.
William Boulware Jr., better known by his ring name, Rocky King, was an American professional wrestler and referee in Jim Crockett Promotions and World Championship Wrestling.
He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame on April 5, 2014.
Paulcliff "Paul" Birchall, better known by his ring name Paul Burchill, is a retired English professional wrestler.
During the 1950s he earned between £40 and £50 and was fighting five to six times a week all over the country.
The USWF training facility had multiple trainers and locations while Ferrari was in training.
He was trained by Ted Betley in Winwick, England before relocating to Calgary, Alberta, Canada to further his training under Stu Hart.
For much of his career, he performed alongside his real-life partner, Tammy "Sunny" Sytch, who acted as his valet.
He is the son of wrestler Ole Anderson.
Mariko was the first professional wrestler in Japan to die as a result of injuries suffered in a wrestling match.
He was murdered in the Munich massacre by Black September terrorists along with 10 other members of the Israeli team.
Steve Debbes, better known by his ring name Tornado, is a South African professional wrestler performing for World Wrestling Professionals.
His defiant in-ring actions made him one of the most hated professional wrestlers of the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s.
Bonnie "Boni" Blackstone is a retired American professional wrestling announcer, commentator, model, television and radio producer.
He was the brother of WWE wrestler Roman Reigns.
Prior to becoming a pro wrestler, he played rugby.
Ezzatollah Akbari Zarinkolaei is an Iranian wrestler.
In addition, Moretti opened an animal care and grooming facility named Downtown Dog, in her hometown in 2007.
Prior to becoming an actor, he had a successful career as a professional wrestler as well as an enforcer for the Colombo family.
Coffey's younger brother Mark is also a professional wrestler and the pair often tag team together as "The Coffey Brothers".
He is currently signed with Impact Wrestling.
He is best known for his long tenure in WWE from July 2002 to February 2015.
He also had conversations during that time with Tony Atlas, Nikolai Volkoff, Bill Eadie and Bam Bam Bigelow, after which he decided to go into training.
He also captured the NWA middleweight title several times and was named MVP in Mexico in 1940, 1944, and 1948.
Competing primarily under the ring name The Beast, he and his three wrestling brothers made up the Cormier wrestling family.
Paul Heyman is an American entertainment producer, writer, performer, marketer, promoter, professional wrestling manager, and commentator currently signed to WWE on the Raw brand.
He was signed to a developmental contract with WWE wrestling under the ring name Lincoln Broderick.
Together with his brother he runs the company Bulgarian Muscle, which provides wrestling training and medical services.
For the physical entities that exist in the universe, see Astronomical object.
Matthew Murphy Adams is an Australian professional wrestler.
He moved to WWF with his WCW colleagues Chris Benoit, Dean Malenko and Perry Saturn, who formed a group called The Radicalz.
In October 2014, she aligned herself with Enzo Amore and Colin Cassady, thus also becoming their manager.
Barry Horowitz is an American professional wrestler, best known for his time in the World Wrestling Federation.
After becoming known simply as "Hardcore Holly" in 1999, he was joined by on-screen cousins, Crash and Molly.
Vick would go on to wrestle as Septiembre Negro.
From August 2010 to February 2012 he was signed to WWE, working in its developmental territory Florida Championship Wrestling under the ring name Peter Orlov.
Since December 2013 he has competed mostly for All Japan Pro Wrestling as a freelancer.
Keiji Mutoh is a Japanese professional wrestler who first gained international fame in the National Wrestling Alliance.
Shane Veryzer is an Australian professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Shane Haste.
He is currently signed to WWE where he performs on the Raw brand under the ring name Heath Slater.
Mitchell took part of the fourth season of the reality series Tough Enough, a televised competition that would award the winner a WWE contract.
He is most popularly known for co-winning of the inaugural season of Tough Enough alongside Nidia Guenard.
Oscar Vasquez is a Mexican American professional wrestler better known by the ring name Magno.
Joseph Francis Genet was a wrestler from New Zealand.
He began his sports career around 1900; his career lasted for about forty years and he lost only two times.
The crash also killed 68 year-old Daisy Gwin.
In the 1990s Atlantis starred in a couple of Lucha films, including one where he teamed up with Octagón called Octagón y Atlantis, la revancha.
In the World Wrestling Federation, André was a one-time WWF World Heavyweight Champion and a one-time WWF Tag Team Champion.
Cherry managed them to three reigns as OVW Southern Tag Team Champions.
In 2000, Backlund unsuccessfully ran for a Connecticut seat in Congress on a Republican ticket.
On February 22, 2016, he returned to the WWE as an on-screen character.
He has had brief stints in World Championship Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation.
Martin is a former WWF Women's Tag Team Champion.
Maria Dunn is a female freestyle wrestler from Guam.
As Talismán, Beristain won the Mexican National Welterweight Championship twice, the Mexican National Middleweight Championship and the Mexican National Lightweight Championship.
She also wrestled for World Championship Wrestling under the name Patty Stonegrinder and held the NWA World Women's Championship.
He is currently working for New Japan Pro-Wrestling, though on indefinite hiatus due to injury.
In mid-2007, she was released from her WWE contract.
Peter Minnema better known by his ring name Pete Wilson is a Canadian professional wrestler.
Sting headlined the WWE Hall of Fame class of 2016 on April 2, where he announced his retirement.
In 2014 won the bronze medal at the World Cup and the Asian Games.
Seitz is best known for leading The Fabulous Freebirds under the ring name Michael "P.S."
Tatsuhito Takaiwa is a Zainichi-Korean professional wrestler.
